The 2021–22 LPB season, also known as Liga Betclic for sponsorship reasons, was the 89th season of the premier Portuguese basketball league and the 14th season under the current Liga Portuguesa de Basquetebol (LPB) format. It started on 2 October 2021 with the regular season and ended on 11 June 2022 with the final.
Sporting CP was the defending champion which was swept by FC Porto in semifinals. SL Benfica won their 28th title earning their first title since the 2016–17 season.


== Teams ==


=== Promotion and relegation (pre-season) ===
A total of 12 teams contested the league, including 10 sides from the 2020–21 season and two promoted from the Proliga.
Teams promoted from ProligaCD Póvoa
Illiabum Clube


=== Venues and locations ===


== Regular season ==


=== League table ===


== Second phase ==


=== Group A ===


=== Group B ===


=== Group C ===


== Playoffs ==
Source: FPB


== Playout ==
Source: FPB


== Final standings ==


== Portuguese clubs in European competitions ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
La comunidad (UK title: Common Wealth) is a 2000 Spanish black comedy film directed by Álex de la Iglesia.
Driven by the ambition and greed of the characters to the point of the degradation of their human condition, the plot concerns the developments in a homeowner community in Madrid upon the finding of 300 million ₧ in the apartment of a dead man by real estate agent Julia (Carmen Maura). Maura garnered critical acclaim for her performance and scooped a Silver Shell and a Goya Award for Best Actress.


== Plot ==
The plot is set in Madrid. Julia, a real estate agent, discovers 300 million ₧ in the apartment of a dead man. Unfortunately, the neighbors have been waiting for the man to die so that they can seize the money for themselves.


== Cast ==


== Production ==
The film was produced by LolaFilms and it had the participation of Antena 3 and Vía Digital.
The fictional building is credited to be Carrera de San Jerónimo 14. The indoor shots were however filmed in Calle del Desengaño.


== Release ==
The film screened as the opening film of the 48th San Sebastián International Film Festival (SSIFF) on 21 September 2000. It was theatrically released in Spain on 29 September 2000.La comunidad grossed 1,601,861 ticket sales and €6,709,857.51 (highest grossing Spanish film of 2000).


== Accolades ==


== See also ==
List of Spanish films of 2000


== References ==


=== Citations ===


=== Bibliography ===
Bracco, Diane (2014). "Las entrañas de Madrid: la radiografía de Álex de la Iglesia" (PDF). Pandora (12). ISSN 2108-7210.
Buse, Peter; Triana Toribio, Núria; Willis, Andy (2007). The cinema of Álex de la Iglesia. Manchester and New York: Manchester University Press. ISBN 978-0-7190-7136-2.


== External links ==
La Comunidad at IMDb 
La comunidad at Rotten Tomatoes
Voetbalvereniging Eemdijk is a football club based in Bunschoten-Spakenburg, Utrecht, Netherlands. They are currently members of the Derde Divisie, the fourth tier of the Dutch football league system, after reaching promotion from the 2022–23 Vierde Divisie. They play their home matches at De Vinken.


== History ==
VV Eemdijk played from 2015 through 2018 in the Saturday Hoofdklasse. In 2018, Eemdijk were promoted to the Derde Klasse. Eemdijk held only one season after in the Derde which it relegated back to the Hoofdklasse through the playoffs.In the 2021–22 season, Eemdijk qualified for the promotion playoffs, where they played VVOG in the first round. After a 2–2 draw in the first leg, Eemdijk led 2–0 (4–2 on aggregate) with less than 20 minutes left, but conceded 3 goals in the span of 18 minutes, including an 89th-minute equalizer and a 92nd-minute winner. They ended up losing 5–4 on aggregate.


== Honours ==
Vierde DivisieSaturday B Champions (1): 2022–23


== References ==


== External links ==
Official site
Cosmic dust – also called extraterrestrial dust, space dust, or star dust – is dust that occurs in outer space or has fallen onto Earth. Most cosmic dust particles measure between a few molecules and 0.1 mm (100 μm), such as micrometeoroids. Larger particles are called meteoroids. Cosmic dust can be further distinguished by its astronomical location: intergalactic dust, interstellar dust, interplanetary dust (as in the zodiacal cloud), and circumplanetary dust (as in a planetary ring). There are several methods to obtain space dust measurement.
In the Solar System, interplanetary dust causes the zodiacal light. Solar System dust includes comet dust, planetary dust (like from Mars), asteroidal dust, dust from the Kuiper belt, and interstellar dust passing through the Solar System. Thousands of tons of cosmic dust are estimated to reach Earth's surface every year, with most grains having a mass between 10−16 kg (0.1 pg) and 10−4 kg (0.1 g).  The density of the dust cloud through which the Earth is traveling is approximately 10−6 dust grains/m3.Cosmic dust contains some complex organic compounds (amorphous organic solids with a mixed aromatic–aliphatic structure) that could be created naturally, and rapidly, by stars.  A smaller fraction of dust in space is "stardust" consisting of larger refractory minerals that condensed as matter left by stars.
Interstellar dust particles were collected by the Stardust spacecraft and samples were returned to Earth in 2006.


== Study and importance ==
Cosmic dust was once solely an annoyance to astronomers, as it obscures objects they wished to observe. When infrared astronomy began, the dust particles were observed to be significant and vital components of astrophysical processes. Their analysis can reveal information about phenomena like the formation of the Solar System.  For example, cosmic dust can drive the mass loss when a star is nearing the end of its life, play a part in the early stages of star formation, and form planets. In the Solar System, dust plays a major role in the zodiacal light, Saturn's B Ring spokes, the outer diffuse planetary rings at Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune, and comets.

The interdisciplinary study of dust brings together different scientific fields: physics (solid-state, electromagnetic theory, surface physics, statistical physics, thermal physics), fractal mathematics, surface chemistry on dust grains, meteoritics, as well as every branch of astronomy and astrophysics.  These disparate research areas can be linked by the following theme: the cosmic dust particles evolve cyclically; chemically, physically and dynamically. The evolution of dust traces out paths in which the Universe recycles material, in processes analogous to the daily recycling steps with which many people are familiar: production, storage, processing, collection, consumption, and discarding.
Observations and measurements of cosmic dust in different regions provide an important insight into the Universe's recycling processes; in the clouds of the diffuse interstellar medium, in molecular clouds, in the circumstellar dust of young stellar objects, and in planetary systems such as the Solar System, where astronomers consider dust as in its most recycled state. The astronomers accumulate observational ‘snapshots’ of dust at different stages of its life and, over time, form a more complete movie of the Universe's complicated recycling steps.
Parameters such as the particle's initial motion, material properties, intervening plasma and magnetic field determined the dust particle's arrival at the dust detector. Slightly changing any of these parameters can give significantly different dust dynamical behavior. Therefore, one can learn about where that object came from, and what is (in) the intervening medium.


== Detection methods ==
A wide range of methods is available to study cosmic dust. Cosmic dust can be detected by remote sensing methods that utilize the radiative properties of cosmic dust particles, c.f. Zodiacal light measurement.
Cosmic dust can also be detected directly ('in-situ') using a variety of collection methods and from a variety of collection locations. Estimates of the daily influx of extraterrestrial material entering the Earth's atmosphere range between 5 and 300 tonnes.NASA collects samples of star dust particles in the Earth's atmosphere using plate collectors under the wings of stratospheric-flying airplanes. Dust samples are also collected from surface deposits on the large Earth ice-masses (Antarctica and Greenland/the Arctic) and in deep-sea sediments.
Don Brownlee at the University of Washington in Seattle first reliably identified the extraterrestrial nature of collected dust particles in the latter 1970s. Another source is the meteorites, which contain stardust extracted from them. Stardust grains are solid refractory pieces of individual presolar stars. They are recognized by their extreme isotopic compositions, which can only be isotopic compositions within evolved stars, prior to any mixing with the interstellar medium. These grains condensed from the stellar matter as it cooled while leaving the star.

In interplanetary space, dust detectors on planetary spacecraft have been built and flown, some are presently flying, and more are presently being built to fly. The large orbital velocities of dust particles in interplanetary space (typically 10–40 km/s) make intact particle capture problematic. Instead, in-situ dust detectors are generally devised to measure parameters associated with the high-velocity impact of dust particles on the instrument, and then derive physical properties of the particles (usually mass and velocity) through laboratory calibration (i.e. impacting accelerated particles with known properties onto a laboratory replica of the dust detector). Over the years dust detectors have measured, among others, the impact light flash, acoustic signal and impact ionisation. Recently the dust instrument on Stardust captured particles intact in low-density aerogel.
Dust detectors in the past flew on the HEOS 2, Helios, Pioneer 10, Pioneer 11, Giotto, Galileo, Ulysses and Cassini space missions, on the Earth-orbiting LDEF, EURECA, and Gorid satellites, and some scientists have utilized the Voyager 1 and 2 spacecraft as giant Langmuir probes to directly sample the cosmic dust. Presently dust detectors are flying on the Ulysses, Proba, Rosetta, Stardust, and the New Horizons spacecraft. The collected dust at Earth or collected further in space and returned by sample-return space missions is then analyzed by dust scientists in their respective laboratories all over the world. One large storage facility for cosmic dust exists at the NASA Houston JSC.
Infrared light can penetrate cosmic dust clouds, allowing us to peer into regions of star formation and the centers of galaxies.  NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope was the largest infrared space telescope, before the launch of the James Webb Space Telescope. During its mission, Spitzer obtained images and spectra by detecting the thermal radiation emitted by objects in space between wavelengths of 3 and 180 micrometres. Most of this infrared radiation is blocked by the Earth's atmosphere and cannot be observed from the ground. Findings from the Spitzer have revitalized the studies of cosmic dust. One report showed some evidence that cosmic dust is formed near a supermassive black hole.
Another detection mechanism is polarimetry. Dust grains are not spherical and tend to align to interstellar magnetic fields, preferentially polarizing starlight that passes through dust clouds. In nearby interstellar space, where interstellar reddening is not intense enough to be detected, high precision optical polarimetry has been used to glean the structure of dust within the Local Bubble.In 2019, researchers found interstellar dust in Antarctica which they relate to the Local Interstellar Cloud. The detection of interstellar dust in Antarctica was done by the measurement of the radionuclides Fe-60 and Mn-53 by highly sensitive Accelerator mass spectrometry.


== Radiation properties ==
A dust particle interacts with electromagnetic radiation in a way that depends on its cross section, the wavelength of the electromagnetic radiation, and on the nature of the grain: its refractive index, size, etc. The radiation process for an individual grain is called its emissivity, dependent on the grain's efficiency factor. Further  specifications regarding the emissivity process include  extinction, scattering, absorption, or polarisation. In the radiation emission curves, several important signatures identify the composition of the emitting or absorbing dust particles.
Dust particles can scatter light nonuniformly.  Forward scattered light is light that is redirected slightly off its path by diffraction, and back-scattered light is reflected light.
The scattering and extinction ("dimming") of the radiation gives useful information about the dust grain sizes. For example, if the object(s) in one's data is many times brighter in forward-scattered visible light than in back-scattered visible light, then it is understood that a significant fraction of the particles are about a micrometer in diameter.
The scattering of light from dust grains in long exposure visible photographs is quite noticeable in reflection nebulae, and gives clues about the individual particle's light-scattering properties. In X-ray wavelengths, many scientists are investigating the scattering of X-rays by interstellar dust, and some have suggested that astronomical X-ray sources would possess diffuse haloes, due to the dust.


== Stardust ==

Stardust grains (also called presolar grains by meteoriticists) are contained within meteorites, from which they are extracted in terrestrial laboratories. Stardust was a component of the dust in the interstellar medium before its incorporation into meteorites. The meteorites have stored those stardust grains ever since the meteorites first assembled within the planetary accretion disk more than four billion years ago. So-called carbonaceous chondrites are especially fertile reservoirs of stardust. Each stardust grain existed before the Earth was formed. Stardust is a scientific term referring to refractory dust grains that condensed from cooling ejected gases from individual presolar stars and incorporated into the cloud from which the Solar System condensed.Many different types of stardust have been identified by laboratory measurements of the highly unusual isotopic composition of the chemical elements that comprise each stardust grain. These refractory mineral grains may earlier have been coated with volatile compounds, but those are lost in the dissolving of meteorite matter in acids, leaving only insoluble refractory minerals. Finding the grain cores without dissolving most of the meteorite has been possible, but difficult and labor-intensive (see presolar grains).
Many new aspects of nucleosynthesis have been discovered from the isotopic ratios within the stardust grains. An important property of stardust is the hard, refractory, high-temperature nature of the grains. Prominent are silicon carbide, graphite, aluminium oxide, aluminium spinel, and other such solids that would condense at high temperature from a cooling gas, such as in stellar winds or in the decompression of the inside of a supernova. They differ greatly from the solids formed at low temperature within the interstellar medium.
Also important are their extreme isotopic compositions, which are expected to exist nowhere in the interstellar medium. This also suggests that the stardust condensed from the gases of individual stars before the isotopes could be diluted by mixing with the interstellar medium. These allow the source stars to be identified. For example, the heavy elements within the silicon carbide (SiC) grains are almost pure S-process isotopes, fitting their condensation within AGB star red giant winds inasmuch as the AGB stars are the main source of S-process nucleosynthesis and have atmospheres observed by astronomers to be highly enriched in dredged-up s process elements.
Another dramatic example is given by the so-called supernova condensates, usually shortened by acronym to SUNOCON (from SUperNOva CONdensate) to distinguish them from other stardust condensed within stellar atmospheres. SUNOCONs contain in their calcium an excessively large abundance of 44Ca, demonstrating that they condensed containing abundant radioactive 44Ti, which has a 65-year half-life. The outflowing 44Ti nuclei were thus still "alive" (radioactive) when the SUNOCON condensed near one year within the expanding supernova interior, but would have become an extinct radionuclide (specifically 44Ca) after the time required for mixing with the interstellar gas. Its discovery proved the prediction from 1975 that it might be possible to identify SUNOCONs in this way. The SiC SUNOCONs (from supernovae) are only about 1% as numerous as are SiC stardust from AGB stars.
Stardust itself (SUNOCONs and AGB grains that come from specific stars) is but a modest fraction of the condensed cosmic dust, forming less than 0.1% of the mass of total interstellar solids. The high interest in stardust derives from new information that it has brought to the sciences of stellar evolution and nucleosynthesis.
Laboratories have studied solids that existed before the Earth was formed. This was once thought impossible, especially in the 1970s when cosmochemists were confident that the Solar System began as a hot gas virtually devoid of any remaining solids, which would have been vaporized by high temperature. The existence of stardust proved this historic picture incorrect.


== Some bulk properties ==
 Cosmic dust is made of dust grains and aggregates into dust particles. These particles are irregularly shaped, with porosity ranging from fluffy to compact. The composition, size, and other properties depend on where the dust is found, and conversely, a compositional analysis of a dust particle can reveal much about the dust particle's origin. General diffuse interstellar medium dust, dust grains in dense clouds, planetary rings dust, and circumstellar dust, are each different in their characteristics. For example, grains in dense clouds have acquired a mantle of ice and on average are larger than dust particles in the diffuse interstellar medium. Interplanetary dust particles (IDPs) are generally larger still.
Most of the influx of extraterrestrial matter that falls onto the Earth is dominated by meteoroids with diameters in the range 50 to 500 micrometers, of average density 2.0 g/cm3 (with porosity about 40%). The total influx rate of meteoritic sites of most IDPs captured in the Earth's stratosphere range between 1 and 3 g/cm3, with an average density at about 2.0 g/cm3.Other specific dust properties: in circumstellar dust, astronomers have found molecular signatures of CO, silicon carbide, amorphous silicate, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, water ice, and polyformaldehyde, among others (in the diffuse interstellar medium, there is evidence for silicate and carbon grains). Cometary dust is generally different (with overlap) from asteroidal dust. Asteroidal dust resembles carbonaceous chondritic meteorites. Cometary dust resembles interstellar grains which can include silicates, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, and water ice.
In September 2020, evidence was presented of solid-state water in the interstellar medium, and particularly, of water ice mixed with silicate grains in cosmic dust grains.


== Dust grain formation ==
The large grains in interstellar space are probably complex, with refractory cores that condensed within stellar outflows topped by layers acquired during incursions into cold dense interstellar clouds. That cyclic process of growth and destruction outside of the clouds has been modeled to demonstrate that the cores live much longer than the average lifetime of dust mass. Those cores mostly start with silicate particles condensing in the atmospheres of cool, oxygen-rich red-giants and carbon grains condensing in the atmospheres of cool carbon stars.  Red giants have evolved or altered off the main sequence and have entered the giant phase of their evolution and are the major source of refractory dust grain cores in galaxies. Those refractory cores are also called stardust (section above), which is a scientific term for the small fraction of cosmic dust that condensed thermally within stellar gases as they were ejected from the stars. Several percent of refractory grain cores have condensed within expanding interiors of supernovae, a type of cosmic decompression chamber. Meteoriticists who study refractory stardust (extracted from meteorites) often call it presolar grains but that within meteorites is only a small fraction of all presolar dust. Stardust condenses within the stars via considerably different condensation chemistry than that of the bulk of cosmic dust, which accretes cold onto preexisting dust in dark molecular clouds of the galaxy. Those molecular clouds are very cold, typically less than 50K, so that ices of many kinds may accrete onto grains, in cases only to be destroyed or split apart by radiation and sublimation into a gas component. Finally, as the Solar System formed many interstellar dust grains were further modified by coalescence and chemical reactions in the planetary accretion disk. The history of the various types of grains in the early Solar System is complicated and only partially understood.
Astronomers know that the dust is formed in the envelopes of late-evolved stars from specific observational signatures. In infrared light, emission at 9.7 micrometres is a signature of silicate dust in cool evolved oxygen-rich giant stars. Emission at 11.5 micrometres indicates the presence of silicon carbide dust in cool evolved carbon-rich giant stars. These help provide evidence that the small silicate particles in space came from the ejected outer envelopes of these stars.Conditions in interstellar space are generally not suitable for the formation of silicate cores. This would take excessive time to accomplish, even if it might be possible. The arguments are that: given an observed typical grain diameter a, the time for a grain to attain a, and given the temperature of interstellar gas, it would take considerably longer than the age of the Universe for interstellar grains to form. On the other hand, grains are seen to have recently formed in the vicinity of nearby stars, in nova and supernova ejecta, and in R Coronae Borealis variable stars which seem to eject discrete clouds containing both gas and dust. So mass loss from stars is unquestionably where the refractory cores of grains formed.
Most dust in the Solar System is highly processed dust, recycled from the material out of which the Solar System formed and subsequently collected in the planetesimals, and leftover solid material such as comets and asteroids, and reformed in each of those bodies' collisional lifetimes. During the Solar System's formation history, the most abundant element was (and still is) H2. The metallic elements: magnesium, silicon, and iron, which are the principal ingredients of rocky planets, condensed into solids at the highest temperatures of the planetary disk.  Some molecules such as CO, N2, NH3, and free oxygen, existed in a gas phase. Some molecules, for example, graphite (C) and SiC would condense into solid grains in the planetary disk; but carbon and SiC grains found in meteorites are presolar based on their isotopic compositions, rather than from the planetary disk formation. Some molecules also formed complex organic compounds and some molecules formed frozen ice mantles, of which either could coat the "refractory" (Mg, Si, Fe) grain cores. Stardust once more provides an exception to the general trend, as it appears to be totally unprocessed since its thermal condensation within stars as refractory crystalline minerals. The condensation of graphite occurs within supernova interiors as they expand and cool, and do so even in gas containing more oxygen than carbon, a surprising carbon chemistry made possible by the intense radioactive environment of supernovae. This special example of dust formation has merited specific review.Planetary disk formation of precursor molecules was determined, in large part, by the temperature of the solar nebula. Since the temperature of the solar nebula decreased with heliocentric distance, scientists can infer a dust grain's origin(s) with knowledge of the grain's materials. Some materials could only have been formed at high temperatures, while other grain materials could only have been formed at much lower temperatures. The materials in a single interplanetary dust particle often show that the grain elements formed in different locations and at different times in the solar nebula. Most of the matter present in the original solar nebula has since disappeared; drawn into the Sun, expelled into interstellar space, or reprocessed, for example, as part of the planets, asteroids or comets.
Due to their highly processed nature, IDPs (interplanetary dust particles) are fine-grained mixtures of thousands to millions of mineral grains and amorphous components. We can picture an IDP as a "matrix" of material with embedded elements which were formed at different times and places in the solar nebula and before the solar nebula's formation. Examples of embedded elements in cosmic dust are GEMS, chondrules, and CAIs.


== From the solar nebula to Earth ==
The arrows in the adjacent diagram show one possible path from a collected interplanetary dust particle back to the early stages of the solar nebula.
We can follow the trail to the right in the diagram to the IDPs that contain the most volatile and primitive elements. The trail takes us first from interplanetary dust particles to chondritic interplanetary dust particles. Planetary scientists classify chondritic IDPs in terms of their diminishing degree of oxidation so that they fall into three major groups: the carbonaceous, the ordinary, and the enstatite chondrites. As the name implies, the carbonaceous chondrites are rich in carbon, and many have anomalies in the isotopic abundances of H, C, N, and O. From the carbonaceous chondrites, we follow the trail to the most primitive materials. They are almost completely oxidized and contain the lowest condensation temperature elements ("volatile" elements) and the largest amount of organic compounds. Therefore, dust particles with these elements are thought to have been formed in the early life of the Solar System. The volatile elements have never seen temperatures above about 500 K, therefore, the IDP grain "matrix" consists of some very primitive Solar System material. Such a scenario is true in the case of comet dust. The provenance of the small fraction that is stardust (see above) is quite different; these refractory interstellar minerals thermally condense within stars, become a small component of interstellar matter, and therefore remain in the presolar planetary disk. Nuclear damage tracks are caused by the ion flux from solar flares. Solar wind ions impacting on the particle's surface produce amorphous radiation damaged rims on the particle's surface. And spallogenic nuclei are produced by galactic and solar cosmic rays. A dust particle that originates in the Kuiper Belt at 40 AU would have many more times the density of tracks, thicker amorphous rims and higher integrated doses than a dust particle originating in the main-asteroid belt.
Based on 2012 computer model studies, the complex organic molecules necessary for life (extraterrestrial organic molecules) may have formed in the protoplanetary disk of dust grains surrounding the Sun before the formation of the Earth.  According to the computer studies, this same process may also occur around other stars that acquire planets.In September 2012, NASA scientists reported that polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), subjected to interstellar medium (ISM) conditions, are transformed, through hydrogenation, oxygenation and hydroxylation, to more complex organics – "a step along the path toward amino acids and nucleotides, the raw materials of proteins and DNA, respectively". Further, as a result of these transformations, the PAHs lose their spectroscopic signature which could be one of the reasons "for the lack of PAH detection in interstellar ice grains, particularly the outer regions of cold, dense clouds or the upper molecular layers of protoplanetary disks."In February 2014, NASA announced a greatly upgraded database for detecting and monitoring polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in the universe. According to NASA scientists, over 20% of the carbon in the Universe may be associated with PAHs, possible starting materials for the formation of life. PAHs seem to have been formed shortly after the Big Bang, are abundant in the Universe, and are associated with new stars and exoplanets.In March 2015, NASA scientists reported that, for the first time, complex DNA and RNA organic compounds of life, including uracil, cytosine and thymine, have been formed in the laboratory under outer space conditions, using starting chemicals, such as pyrimidine, found in meteorites. Pyrimidine, like polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), the most carbon-rich chemical found in the Universe, may have been formed in red giants or in interstellar dust and gas clouds, according to the scientists.


== Some "dusty" clouds in the universe ==
The Solar System has its own interplanetary dust cloud, as do extrasolar systems. There are different types of nebulae with different physical causes and processes: diffuse nebula, infrared (IR) reflection nebula, supernova remnant, molecular cloud, HII regions, photodissociation regions, and dark nebula.
Distinctions between those types of nebula are that different radiation processes are at work. For example, H II regions, like the Orion Nebula, where a lot of star-formation is taking place, are characterized as thermal emission nebulae. Supernova remnants, on the other hand, like the Crab Nebula, are characterized as nonthermal emission (synchrotron radiation).
Some of the better known dusty regions in the Universe are the diffuse nebulae in the Messier catalog, for example: M1, M8, M16, M17, M20, M42, M43.Some larger dust catalogs are Sharpless (1959) A Catalogue of HII Regions, Lynds (1965) Catalogue of Bright Nebulae, Lynds (1962) Catalogue of Dark Nebulae, van den Bergh (1966) Catalogue of Reflection Nebulae, Green (1988) Rev. Reference Cat. of Galactic SNRs, The National Space Sciences Data Center (NSSDC), and CDS Online Catalogs.


== Dust sample return ==
The Discovery program's Stardust mission, was launched on 7 February 1999 to collect samples from the coma of comet Wild 2, as well as samples of cosmic dust. It returned samples to Earth on 15 January 2006.  In 2007, the recovery of particles of interstellar dust from the samples was announced.


== See also ==


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Evans, Aneurin (1994). The Dusty Universe. Ellis Horwood.


== External links ==
Cosmic Dust Group
Evidence for interstellar origin of seven dust particles collected by the Stardust spacecraft
Aira's Science CD (Ａｉｒａの科学ＣD, Aira no Kagaku CD), is a compilation album by the Japanese electronica artist Mitsuki Aira. It was released June 18, 2009.The CD contains two tracks that feature the thereminvox played by Masami Takeuchi, "Science Music" and "Senjō no Merry Christmas".  The "-1 track" versions of these songs do not include the theremin.
"Mike Alway's Diary" is a cover of the song by Kahimi Karie.


== Track listing ==
Science Music (サイエンス・ミュージック)
Senjō no Merry Christmas (戦場のメリークリスマス)
Happiness land (I Am Robot and Proud ver.)
Mike Alway's Diary
Science Music (-1 track ver.)
Senjō no Merry Christmas (-1 track ver.)


== References ==
The Logothetopoulos apartment building is located at Bouboulinas street in Athens. It was designed by architect Kyprianos Biris for the famous medical doctor and the late prime minister of Greece Konstantinos Logothetopoulos.


== History ==
The foundation stone was laid in 1930 and the building was completed in 1932. It originally included 46 apartments distributed over four floors. It is considered to be an early example of modern architecture.From the mid 1950s until mid 1970s the building was used as the headquarters of Central Intelligence Service. During the military junta political prisoners were tortured by officers in the cells and on the roof making it notorious in collective memory. In 1980 Communist Party of Greece (KKE) bought the building and sold it in 1993 to the Greek state. Since then the Ministry of Culture has been located there.


== See also ==
Modern architecture in Athens


== References ==
The 15th FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) were held from 16 to 21 December 2021 in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. It was previously scheduled for 13 to 18 December but moved back three days on 24 February 2021. Originally scheduled to be held in 2020, the championships were pushed back one year as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Competition took place in a 25-metre (short course) temporary pool installed at Etihad Arena.In September 2021, it was announced the Championships would be part of a larger aquatics program, called the Abu Dhabi Aquatics Festival, which includes competition in open water swimming, diving, and high diving.


== Qualification ==
The qualification period for competing at the 2021 World Swimming Championships ran from 1 December 2019 through 28 November 2021. On 23 November 2021, FINA announced it would take into consideration times swum as part of the 2021 International Swimming League and allow them to count towards qualification for the 2021 World Championships. In addition to country-specific selection procedures, competitors were required to achieve a qualifying "A" or "B" time in an event to qualify for the individual or a relay event with individual entries capped at two competitors per country and relay entries capped at one team per country.Below are the qualifying times for the 2021 World Championships as determined by FINA:


== Schedule ==
An opening ceremony preceded the start of pool swimming competition on 16 December, was followed by competition from 16 December to 21 December, and concluded with a closing ceremony on 21 December. A total of 46 events were held.


== Medal summary ==


=== Medal table ===
  *   Host nation (United Arab Emirates)


== Results ==


=== Men's events ===
a  Swimmers who participated in the heats only and received medals.


=== Women's events ===
b  Swimmers who participated in the heats only and received medals.


=== Mixed events ===
c  Swimmers who participated in the heats only and received medals.


== Coverage ==
More than 180 countries provided viewing opportunities through television broadcast and online streaming mediums. One of the broadcasting agencies providing coverage of pool swimming competition internationally is the Olympic Channel. Additional international coverage was provided by Eurovision Sports.


== Variations in country representation ==
Due to a multi-year ban of Russian representation at World Championships by the Court of Arbitration for Sport, competitors from the country were not allowed to compete using their flag, anthem, nor country name during competition, instead competing with the name Russian Swimming Federation.


== Issues related to COVID-19 ==
On 14 December 2021, it was announced that South African swimmers residing in South Africa would not be able to compete in the championships, due to travel bans resulting from the prevalence of the Omicron variant of COVID-19, which is the World Health Organization's latest “variant of concern.”On 16 December 2021, FINA informed the Singapore Swimming Association that its entire squad will not be able to compete in the championships due to contact tracing protocols, after four of the country's swimmers tested positive for COVID-19 while in Abu Dhabi.On 17 December 2021, FINA confirmed seven accredited participants with positive COVID-19 results, which included at least one administrator from Nigeria, and that in turn knocked out all four of Nigeria's swimmers from the meet. This raised questions about its protocols, as some swimmers from other nations such as Great Britain and the United States were allowed to continue competing despite members of those teams testing positive for COVID-19.By the end of the championships on 21 December 2021, FINA provided a cap number of 40 individuals who tested positive in the duration of the meet. Later the exact number of COVID-19 positive accounts was provided, 37 cases total out of all 5,000 individuals involved with the competition, 15 of which were athlete cases.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
Results book
The Donegal Artillery was a British Militia Artillery regiment of the 19th century (the militia had been a nominally infantry force, but had been tasked from 1852 with responsibility for manning coastal artillery batteries in wartime).  It was based in and named after County Donegal in the modern Republic of Ireland.
The regiment was raised as The Donegal Infantry Militia in 1793.  In 1855 four out of its twelve companies were converted to form The Donegal Artillery Militia. In November 1855 it assumed the title The Donegal Artillery Militia (The Prince of Wales's). 
Between September 1855 and September 1856 the unit was embodied for the Crimean War. In 1882 they were retitled the 3rd Brigade, North Irish Division, Royal Artillery.
From 2 May 1900 until 6 November 1900 the unit was embodied for the Second Boer War, sending a service company of five officers and 144 other ranks. On arrival they joined the service company of the Antrim Artillery. They departed Cape Town for return home on 7 June 1901. After the end of the war the following year, the officers of the Donegal Artillery presented to Letterkenny church a brass lectern as a memorial to some members of the regiment who died in the war.In 1902 it was renamed The Donegal Artillery, Royal Garrison Artillery (Militia). On the creation of the Territorial Force in 1908 the unit was transferred to the Special Reserve Royal Field Artillery. It was disbanded in 1909.


== References ==


== Publications ==
Beckett, Ian F W (2011). Britain's Part Time Soldiers. The Amateur Military Tradition 1558—1945 (2 ed.). Barnsley: Pen & Sword. ISBN 9781848843950.
Hay, George Jackson (Colonel) (1987) [1908]. An Epitomized History of the Militia (The "Constitutional Force"). Ray Westlake Military Books. ISBN 0-9508530-7-0.
Litchfield, Norman E H, 1987.  The Militia Artillery 1852-1909, The Sherwood Press, Nottingham. ISBN 0-9508205-1-2
Du Zhenglun (Chinese: 杜正倫) (died 658?) was a Chinese politician of the Chinese Sui dynasty and Tang dynasties, serving as chancellor during the reign of Emperor Gaozong of Tang.


== During the Sui dynasty ==
It is not known when Du Zhenglun was born, but it is known that he was from what would eventually become Xiang Prefecture (相州, in modern Handan, Hebei). During the Renshou era (601–604) of the Sui dynasty's founding emperor Emperor Wen, Du Zhenglun and his older brothers Du Zhengxuan (杜正玄) and Du Zhengzang (杜正藏) all passed the imperial examination. As Sui dynasty imperial examinations were considered unusually difficult—with only 10-odd examinees passing each year—the Du household received great acclaim for having three brothers who did so. It was said that Du Zhenglun was capable in literature, particularly in explaining meanings of passages. He later served as a military officer in the Sui imperial government.


== During Emperor Gaozu's reign ==
During the reign of the Tang dynasty's founder, Emperor Gaozu, Du Zhenglun was initially serving as the military advisor to the commandant at Qi Prefecture (齊州, roughly modern Jinan, Shandong). Emperor Gaozu's son, the major general Li Shimin the Prince of Qin became aware of Du's talents and invited him to serve as a resident scholar at Li Shimin's mansion.


== During Emperor Taizong's reign ==
In 626, Li Shimin became emperor (as Emperor Taizong). One of his key advisors, Wei Zheng, recommended Du Zhenglun's talent and stated that there were few people as talented. Emperor Taizong then made Du an official at the ministry of defense in 627. In 628, Du was made imperial attendant and put in charge of recording Emperor Taizong's acts for imperial archives. On one occasion, Emperor Taizong stated, "Everyday, as I sit in judgment of important matter and get ready to speak, I think carefully about whether what I have to say has any benefit or harm to the people. That is why I do not speak a lot." Du responded, "Whatever an emperor says is recorded in history. As my responsibility is to record Your Imperial Majesty's acts, I have to be honest. If any of your words is improper, it will harm your reputation for a thousand years, and it is not only harmful to the people. May Your Imperial Majesty consider this carefully." Emperor Taizong was pleased with these words and gave Du an award of silk.
In 630, Du was promoted to the post of Zhongshu Shilang (中書侍郎), the deputy head of the legislative bureau of government (中書省, Zhongshu Sheng). In 632, after Du and three other officials, Wei Ting (韋挺), Yu Shinan, and Yao Silian had submitted petitions commenting on various imperial acts, Emperor Taizong invited them to a feast, where he thanked them for being honest at danger to themselves (as they risked offending the emperor). Du was soon given titles as imperial advisor and scholar, as well as a member of the staff of Emperor Taizong's crown prince Li Chengqian—with Emperor Taizong specifically asked to counsel Li Chengqian in proper behavior. In 636, he was again Zhongshu Shilang, but still served on Li Chengqian's staff; he was also created the Marquess of Nanyang. It was said that Du was known for his capability in handling the matters at both palaces (i.e., the emperor's palace and the crown prince's palace).
However, soon Du drew both the emperor's and the crown prince's ires. At that time, Li Chengqian was suffering from a foot ailment that made it difficult for him to walk, and therefore he did not see Emperor Taizong often, but instead spent his time in frivolous activities with associates that Emperor Taizong disapproved of. Emperor Taizong told Du:

It is not my son's fault that he is ill.  However, he has no good reputation, and is not known for endearing himself with good men.  Rather, he associates with people of bad character.  You should carefully monitor the situation, and if he does not listen to you, you should let me know.
Du made several suggestions to Li Chengqian, asking him to change his ways, but Li Chengqian did not do so. Du told Li Chengqian what Emperor Taizong told him—which led to Li Chengqian immediately submitting an objection to Emperor Taizong. Emperor Taizong asked Du, "Why did you let him know what I said?" Du responded, "He did not listen to me, so I wanted to scare him with your words. I hoped that he would be scared and would change his ways." Emperor Taizong was still displeased, and he demoted Du to the post of prefect of Gu Prefecture (穀州, in modern Luoyang, Henan), and later to be the commandant at Jiao Prefecture (交州, roughly modern Hanoi, Vietnam). After Li Chengqian was revealed to have plotted with the general Hou Junji to overthrow Emperor Taizong in 643, Du was accused of having received a gold belt from Hou, and he was stripped of his rank and exiled to Huan Prefecture (驩州, also in modern Vietnam). However, later he successively served as the prefect of Ying (郢州, roughly modern Wuhan, Hubei) and Shi (石州, roughly modern Lüliang, Shanxi) prefectures.


== During Emperor Gaozong's reign ==
In 656, Du Zhenglun was serving as the deputy minister of treasury, when Emperor Taizong's son and successor Emperor Gaozong promoted him to serve as Huangmen Shilang (黃門侍郎), the deputy head of the examination bureau (門下省, Menxia Sheng). Emperor Gaozong also gave him the designation of Tong Zhongshu Menxia Sanpin (同中書門下三品), making him a chancellor de facto. Du was also created the Duke of Xiangyang. In 657, he was made Zhongshu Ling (中書令), the head of the legislative bureau and a post considered one for a chancellor. Later that year, he concurred with the official Liu Xiangdao that there were too many people made imperial officials, and Emperor Gaozong put them in charge of drafting a proposal to reduce the number of officials. However, their proposal ran into much opposition from other officials and was never carried out.
Meanwhile, Du was beginning to have conflict with fellow chancellor Li Yifu, who also carried the title of Zhongshu Ling, as Du considered himself the senior official, but Li, who was an ally of Emperor Gaozong's powerful wife Empress Wu (later known as Wu Zetian), disrespected Du. They argued frequently before Emperor Gaozong, who rebuked both for not cooperating with each other. On December 6, 658, Emperor Gaozong demoted both to be prefects—in Du's case, the prefect of Heng Prefecture (橫州, roughly modern Nanning, Guangxi). Du was said to have died at Heng Prefecture soon thereafter.


== Notes and references ==

Old Book of Tang, vol. 70.[1]
New Book of Tang, vol. 106.[2]
Zizhi Tongjian, vols. 192, 193, 194, 197, 200.
Carleton Rode is a village and civil parish in Norfolk, England. It is situated approximately five miles south-east of Attleborough. In the 2011 Census, Carleton Rode was recorded as having a population of 785 people in 324 households.


== History ==
Carleton Rode's name is of Anglo-Saxon and Viking origin and derives from an amalgamation of the Old English and Old Norse for a settlement of free peasants belonging to the de Rode family.In the Domesday Book, Carleton Rode was recorded as a settlement of 43 households in the hundred of Depwade. The land of the village was divided in ownership between King William, Alan of Brittany, William de Warenne, Roger Bigod and Eudo, son of Spirewic.Carleton Rode was the site of a semaphore telegraph station which connected the Admiralty in London to the fleet in Great Yarmouth.


== Amenities ==
Carleton Rode Primary School claims to be the oldest non-fee paying in Norfolk and received a 'Good' rating from Ofsted in 2021.


== Sport ==
The GP2 Series racing team, iSport International has its factory and headquarters in Carleton Rode.


== War Memorial ==
Carleton Rode's War Memorial is located in ..... Churchyard and lists the following names for the First World War:

Second-Lieutenant Hugh R. Cholmeley (1891-1915), 42nd Brigade, Royal Field Artillery
Sergeant Ernest E. Bennington (1886-1916), 7th Battalion, Border Regiment
Corporal Ernest Calton (1897-1918), 9th Battalion, Essex Regiment
Gunner Ernest C. Colman (1890-1916), 6th (Howitzer) Brigade, Royal Regiment of Canadian Artillery
Gunner Oswald H. Balls (1891-1917), 94th (Siege) Battery, Royal Garrison Artillery
Private Wilfred Breeze (d.1918), Bedfordshire Regiment
Private James W. Baker (1891-1917), 43rd (Cameron Highlanders) Battalion, Canadian Army
Private Fred Burt (d.1916), 2nd Battalion, Royal Norfolk Regiment
Private Bertie Barber (1892-1916), 7th Battalion, Royal Norfolk Regiment
Private James Brown (d.1916), 9th Battalion, Royal Norfolk Regiment
Private Leonard H. Foster (d.1916), 9th Battalion, Royal Norfolk Regiment
Private Wesley H. W. G. Chilvers (1898-1918), 7th Battalion, Queen's Royal Regiment (West Surrey)
Reverend Hatfield A. W. Back (1891-1917), HMS Vanguard


== References ==


== External links ==
Savoy Pictures Entertainment, Inc. was an American independent motion picture company that operated from 1992 to 1997. Among Savoy Pictures' noteworthy feature films were A Bronx Tale, No Escape, Last of the Dogmen and Serial Mom.


== History ==
Former Columbia Pictures Entertainment chairman and TriStar Pictures founder Victor A. Kaufman became chairman and chief executive officer of Savoy Pictures in 1992 along with vice chairman executive, Lewis J. Korman. Kaufman has claimed that the name came from the Savoy Special bat Robert Redford's character used in The Natural. Savoy intended to finance and distribute films in the $12–25 million range, investing in up to $15 million per film. In June of that year, Savoy entered into a deal with HBO for the home video, pay-TV, and pay-per-view rights to its films.Budgets for their films grew. However, with rather poor marketing, Savoy faced a major financial slump, only three years after being formed. For three years, Savoy then released box office failures including Exit to Eden and Getting Away with Murder. It also didn't help that two of its competitors in the independent film field, Miramax and New Line Cinema, were bought out by majors (The Walt Disney Company and Turner Broadcasting, respectively), giving them stability. As a result, Savoy focused on low-budget films and the occasional blockbuster, costing up to $80 million. Executives hoped to lure Sylvester Stallone with a then-hefty $20 million paycheck to star in a studio project that was ultimately never made.In the meantime, Savoy expanded into broadcasting to help the investment of films. In March 1994, Savoy created SF Broadcasting as a venture with Fox Television Stations, with Kaufman and Korman owning controlling interest. As a result of purchasing these stations, all of them would become affiliates of the Fox network. Stations owned by SF Broadcasting were WALA-TV in Mobile, Alabama, WLUK-TV in Green Bay, Wisconsin, WVUE in New Orleans, and KHON-TV in Honolulu, Hawaii. Savoy also launched a television production division.In January 1995, Kaufman announced that he was hiring Robert N. Fried to run the motion picture studio. Fried brought in executives Alan Sokol, Bob Levin, Cathy Schulman, Stan Brooks, Stan Wlodkowski and filmmakers Sam Raimi, and George Tillman, Rob Weiss and Peter Chelsom. In September 1995, Kaufman announced that he was cutting back on his interest in the motion picture business and was re-positioning the company as a television station holding company.Shortly thereafter, Savoy announced the sale of 14 films in its roster, in varying stages of production, to potential buyers. New Line Cinema picked up Martin Lawrence's directorial debut A Thin Line Between Love and Hate, American History X, The Adventures of Pinocchio, Heaven's Prisoners, Faithful, and The Stupids. Paramount Pictures picked up the rights to produce A Simple Plan.Savoy Pictures announced in November 1995 that Barry Diller's Silver King Communications was going to acquire Savoy for $210 million. The deal was finalized in 1997. Victor Kaufman is now vice chairman and sits on the board of directors of IAC. The SF stations were sold to Diller's Silver King Broadcasting in 1997.
Cineplex Odeon Films was the Canadian distributor for Savoy films, then Alliance Films became the Canadian distributor after New Line Cinema picked up the later films from 1996.
In 2006, the Savoy library was purchased by Universal Studios through Focus Features, with the exceptions of a few select titles. Warner Bros. Discovery owns the titles produced by New Line Cinema, while Paramount Global owns the titles produced by Rysher Entertainment, Pathé Films owns the rights to No Escape via Allied Filmmakers, and Joel B. Michaels owns the rights to Last of the Dogmen.


== Films ==


== References ==
The Jingda Expressway (Chinese: 京大高速公路; pinyin: Jīngdà Gāosùgōnglù) is an expressway in the People's Republic of China, starting from Beijing and ending in Datong, in Shanxi province. It is 334 km in length and was completed in full on November 16, 2002.
The Jingda Expressway is formed mainly by the main trunk route from Beijing to Datong in three stages. Leaving Beijing, the Jingda Expressway becomes the Badaling Expressway. After Kangzhuang in Yanqing County, it becomes the Jingzhang Expressway. Finally, it becomes the Xuanda Expressway.
As of September 2004, traffic has been clogging up more and more in the area. Due to the massive transportation of coal, what was a very smooth route in the summer is now clogged up with immense traffic jams.


== Specific Information ==
For the beginning section in Beijing through to Kangzhuang, see Badaling Expressway.
For the section from Kangzhuang, Beijing through to Xuanhua, Hebei, see Jingzhang Expressway.
For the section from Xuanhua through to Datong, Shanxi, see Xuanda Expressway.


== See also ==
China National Highways
Expressways of Beijing
Expressways of China
The remains of an unknown wreck were discovered on Church Rocks, off Teignmouth in 1975. The site was designated under the Protection of Wrecks Act on 3 August 1977. The wreck is a Protected Wreck managed by Historic England.


== The wreck ==
The site is the wreck of a late sixteenth century armed cargo vessel. It is believed to be that of a Venetian trading galley dating to after 1582 based on recovered artefacts. The identity of the wreck is unknown.


== Discovery and investigation ==
The site was discovered in 1975 around 150m from the shore. Although the site was designated in 1977, prohibiting removal of artefacts without authorisation, 120 round shot, six guns, three anchors, pottery sherds, a gold seal, nails, a steelyard weight and copper alloy pots were recovered from the site between 1975 and 1983. In 1996, the site was featured in an episode of UK archaeology programme Time Team.In 2009, Historic England provided funding for conservation work for a number of artefacts recovered from the wreck.


== References ==
Ben adam (Hebrew: בן־אדם [ˈben (ʔ)aˈdam] son of a man) in biblical Hebrew it simply means human being. For example, "son of man" in Job chapter 25 and Psalm 146 is ben adam, illustrating the Jewish concept of "son of man".
It is used in rabbinical and modern Hebrew to describe a righteous person, someone who does the right thing.


== References ==
Joseph Laing Waugh (1868–1928) was a Scottish businessman and writer.


== Life ==
Waugh was born in Thornhill, Dumfries and Galloway on 17 April 1868. He moved to Edinburgh around 1890 where he ran a successful wallpaper business. He lived at 3 Comiston Drive in the south-west of the city. His great love however was writing. His work is sentimental in nature and largely consists of humorous biographies of characters from Dumfries and Galloway.He died in Edinburgh on 22 November 1928. He is buried in Dean Cemetery in western Edinburgh. The grave lies under a tree in the south-east section behind the grave of Samuel Bough. It has a portrait medallion by the sculptor William Birnie Rhind. Waugh is also memorialised at 19 East Morton Street, Thornhill, with a bust by Henry Snell Gamley completed after Gamley’s death by Rhind.


== Publications ==
Thornhill and Its Worthies (1905 plus several later editions)
Robbie Doo (1912) (Robbie Doo was a stone-mason in Thornhill)
Robert Burns: A Poem (1912)
Cracks Wi' Robbie Doo (1914)
Betty Grier (1915)
Cute McCheyne and Other Stories (1917)
Heroes in Homespun (1921)
And A Little Child Shall Lead Them


== Family ==
He was married to Isabelle Goldie (1876-1949).


== Artistic recognition ==
A bust of Waugh is placed on a building in his home town of Thornhill. A portrait also exists in the Dumfries Museum.In August 2010 a lecture on Waugh was presented to the Thornhill branch of Rotary International.


== References ==
Héctor & Tito, were a Puerto Rican reggaeton duo famous for their song "Ay Amor", featuring salsa singer Víctor Manuelle, which was the group's only charting song in the United States. They are widely regarded as one of the most influential and famous pioneering duos in the history of reggaeton. The duo caught the world's attention and expanded this genre globally, paving the way for artists like Daddy Yankee and Tego Calderón. They are also known for the songs "Gata Salvaje" (featuring Daddy Yankee and Nicky Jam), "Baila Morena" (featuring Glory and Don Omar) and "Amor de Colegio" (featuring Don Omar).
The duo started their career in the 1990s with the name "Los Bambinos", after singing with other reggaeton artists. Together, they released several albums and rose to fame in all Latin America.
In 2004, the duo announced they are going to disband. Since then, they have gone on with their solo careers. Their friendship remained tense for a time though now both have publicly reconciled. They are known singularly as Héctor el Father and Tito El Bambino, and would go on to be two of the most successful acts in Latin music history. Héctor el Father retired in 2008 to become an evangelical pastor in his homeland Puerto Rico, while Tito El Bambino remains active in the music industry.


== History ==


=== Beginnings ===
Efrain Fines (Tito) and Héctor Delgado were born in 1981 and 1979 respectively in Carolina, Puerto Rico. Both artists resided in the neighborhood of Parque Ecuestre and began their artistic pursuits in their teens. Héctor el Father was part of the rap group "Masters of Funk" alongside Rey and Julio Voltio, while Tito El Bambino recorded with various local DJs gaining an appearance in the famous reggaeton series "The Noise vol. 5" which was considered his big break into the music scene. Thanks to local DJs such as Chiclin and Estefano, Tito and Héctor form a friendship which evolved into a duo when Héctor separated from Masters of Funk. After appearances on many compilations from local DJs and producers from Puerto Rico, the duo connected with DJ Goldy and signed to VI Music in order to prepare their first album Violencia Musical, released in 1998. It became a huge commercial and critical success in Puerto Rico, selling over 100,000 copies at the time and turning the duo into one of the most popular music groups on the island.


=== International recognition ===
Over the course of time, the reggaeton genre gained prominence outside of Puerto Rico and despite Héctor & Tito's temporary loss of popularity due to a Christian album which didn't sell well and rap battles against Rubio y Joel and Baby Rasta & Gringo which also affected their sales; by 2002 Héctor & Tito won their lyrical battle against Rubio y Joel and regained their position as one of the most popular acts in Puerto Rico. This was good news for the company Universal Latino which entered in a partnership with VI Music to distribute Héctor & Tito's much anticipated A La Reconquista, which became one of the first widely distributed reggaeton albums during the genre's boom period of 2002-2006. Thanks to international hits such as "Duele (Cuando El Amor Se Va)", "Gata Salvaje" and "Felina", the positive reception of these songs throughout Latin America and the United States made Héctor & Tito protagonists in the expansion of the reggaeton culture alongside artists such as Don Omar, Tego Calderon and the hitmaking production duo Luny Tunes. A La Reconquista also served as a launching pad for the career of Don Omar who was signed to Héctor 'El Father' and VI Music leading to Omar writing many of the songs for the album including songs he was featured on. A La Reconquista is recognized as one of the greatest reggaeton albums of all-time and was both a commercial and critical success winning a Billboard Latin Music Award for best Latin rap album. The live version of the album, La Historia: Live which includes additional live performances of some of the duo's earlier hits was certified Latin platinum by the RIAA in 2003.


=== Disbanding ===
Due to unforeseen pressures from the unexpected success, tensions arose between the fellow artists and both decided to pursue solo ambitions amid an inamicable split. Of these tensions, were Héctor trying to get Tito to leave his Christian beliefs to the side and to dress and act more like a traditional gangster would, with Héctor going to the extent of bringing Tito naked women into the bathroom while Tito was listening to his Christian programs. Another of these strong tensions was Tito wanting to bring the duo's fame outwards worldwide, while Héctor wanted to keep their fame in and around Puerto Rico at most. Héctor changed his name from el Bambino to el Father evolving into a mafioso persona emulating his American hip hop influences such as Notorious B.I.G. and Tupac Shakur. Héctor recorded many successful records and platinum albums such as "Noches De Travesura" feat. Divino, "Mayor Que Yo" featuring various artists, and his solo project The Bad Boy which was certified Latin platinum by the RIAA in 2006. Héctor el Father also had partnerships for his record label Gold Star Music with Roc-A-Fella Records and Machete Music/Universal Latino recording a collaboration with Jay-Z on "Here We Go" from Los Rompe Discotekas, distributed by Roc-La-Familia (Roc-A-Fella's Latino division). Héctor el Father would retire from the music scene in 2008 to pursue his faith in Jesus Christ.


=== Post-duo solo careers ===
Tito El Bambino became one of the most popular acts in Latin music and is most well known for the pop-smash "El Amor" from 2009's platinum El Patrón album. Tito would feature alongside many prominent Latin music acts such as Marc Anthony, Ednita Nazario, Zion & Lennox and Wisin & Yandel.
Tito El Bambino is currently active to the present day and remains one of the most popular Latin acts in the industry. Héctor & Tito have publicly reconciled since their split in 2004.


== Discography ==


=== Together ===


==== Studio albums ====
Violencia Musical (1998)
Nuevo Milenio (2000)
A La Reconquista (2002)


==== Compilation albums ====
Lo De Antes (2002)
Season Finale 1998-2003 (2005)
The Ultimate Urban Collection (2007)


==== Live albums ====
La Historia Live (2003)


=== Solo albums ===


==== Héctor el Father ====


===== Studio albums =====
2006: The Bad Boy
2008: El Juicio Final


===== Live albums =====
2007: Bad Boy: The Concert


===== Compilation albums =====
2002: The Godfather
2004: Los Anormales
2005: Sangre Nueva
2005: Gold Star Music: Reggaeton Hits
2006: Los Rompe Discotekas
2007: El Rompe Discoteka: The Mix Album
2007: The Bad Boy: The Most Wanted Edition
2008: Mi Trayectoria


==== Tito El Bambino ====

Top of the Line (2006)
It's My Time (2007)
El Patrón (2009)
Invencible (2011)
Invicto (2012)
Alta Jerarquía (2014)
El Muñeco (2020)


== References ==


== External links ==
Héctor el Father interview
Abernethy and Kincardine is a civil parish, and former registration district and ecclesiastical parish, in the Highland council area of Scotland. The name is not in use for any modern administrative entity, but remains as the usual description for historical purposes, in the case of the registration district being only a name change.
The name "Abernethy" is derived from the local River Nethy ("aber" is Pictish for a river mouth or junction).  The name Kincardine is of mixed Gaelic and Pictish origin,  "ceann" being Scots Gaelic for head and "cardden" the Brythonic/Pictish for a wooded area; the latter element also features as "garten" in other nearby placenames.
The current main village, Bridge of Nethy, now more well known as Nethy Bridge was located around the confluence of the River Nethy and the Duack Burn, at grid reference NJ001206; its earlier growth was mostly upriver along the banks of the Nethy.


== The Ecclesiastical Parish ==
The Church of Scotland parish was created in the 16th century by the combination of the parishes of Kincardine and Abernethy, both of which have ancient origins and past or later associations with other churches. Both parish churches (and associated burial grounds) remain in use.
The baptism registers (up to 1856, since deposited with the Registrar General with microfilm copies at a number of places) have poor coverage around the 1820s, apart from those events not recorded if the parishioners were members of other churches. The pre-1855 marriage registers are in a similar condition but also contain some "extra" entries concerning parishioners who married in other parishes or denominations, including some Roman Catholic marriages (indicated as "married by a priest").
Changes in modern church-going habits have led to Church of Scotland ministers usually covering more than one of the original parishes, in this case resulting in the once "United Parish" of Abernethy and Kincardine becoming separated again and the parts joined to neighbouring parishes; the 2006 circuits for the area are now advertised as "Abernethy, Cromdale and Advie" and "Boat of Garten and Kincardine with Duthil Carrbridge".


=== Abernethy Kirk ===
This church is on the West side of the Nethy Bridge to Grantown-on-Spey road, beside the ruins of Castle Roy.
The burial ground has been extended in recent years and is in current use for new lairs. Most pre-1855 inscriptions have been recorded and published  A rough-surfaced roadside parking area with space for a number of vehicles gives level access to the church and also serves Castle Roy (to which casual pedestrian access is officially not recommended for safety reasons).


=== Kincardine Kirk ===
This church is on a small knoll set back from the road between Auchgourish and West Croftmore. It is somewhat smaller than Abernethy Kirk and few new lairs have been created in recent years but burials still take place in existing lairs. Most pre-1855 grave inscriptions have been recorded and published. The churchyard contains a very old Yew tree as often found where such a site has pre-Christian associations. There is usually room for two or three vehicles to park on a grassed area beside the churchyard gate; the lane leading to the church is gated to protect animals in the adjacent fields but not locked.


== The Civil Parish and Registration District ==
The civil parish (based on the boundary of the ecclesiastical parish) originally straddled parts of Inverness-shire and Morayshire; county boundary changes in the latter half of the 19th century resulted in the entire parish being contained within Inverness-shire. The parish council has since been abolished.
It remained as a registration district (since 1972 renamed as Nethybridge) until 2001, generally matching the 19th century census district; from 2002 it became part of the Grantown on Spey and Nethybridge registration district. Due to a combination of registration district boundaries not being tied to local authority boundaries and later changes of the county boundary, events will be found described as happening in Invernessshire or (until 1862) Morayshire but (barring any confusion with the Perthshire town of Abernethy) the same address within this parish is usually being referred to if only the county varies. The Glenmore area (at the southern end of the parish) was moved to the Rothiemurchus registration district on 1 October 1956 thus transferring some places which would have been recorded as being within Kincardine in this parish and still might be so described in some more recent registrations.


== People ==
Colonel John Roy Stewart (1700–1752), poet, soldier and Jacobite.
Duncan Phyfe (1770-1854), United States most celebrated cabinetmaker.
Rev. William Forsyth (1825–1907), parish minister and author of In the Shadow of Cairngorm; his book is now out of copyright and online copies other than those listed below can usually be found.
Thomas King, Police Constable, was killed by Allan McCallum, a local poacher, when he and a Constable MacNiven attempted to execute an arrest warrant on 20 December 1898. Allan McCallum was tried in Inverness for murder in February 1899, but found guilty of culpable homicide and sentenced to 15 years imprisonment; he was released in 1910. Constable King is buried at Abernethy Kirk.


== External links ==
A Topographical Dictionary of Scotland (1846) A description of the parish; note that the supposed derivation of "Kincardine" in this book appears fanciful and the implied location of Abernethy Kirk is incorrect.
Origin of the Kincardine Camerons An extract from In the Shadow of Cairngorm by Rev. W.Forsyth.
In the Shadow of Cairngorm (Chronicles of the United Parishes of Abernethy and Kincardine) The complete text of the book by the Rev. W. Forsyth, published in 1900 and recently re-printed in a limited edition. It describes many features, people and legends of the area as they were at the time of writing and in earlier times.


== Footnotes ==
Ablation (Latin: ablatio – removal) is the removal or destruction of something from an object by vaporization, chipping,  erosive processes, or by other means. Examples of ablative materials are described below, including spacecraft material for ascent and atmospheric reentry, ice and snow in glaciology, biological tissues in medicine and passive fire protection materials.


== Artificial intelligence ==

In artificial intelligence (AI), especially machine learning, ablation is the removal of a component of an AI system. The term is by analogy with biology: removal of components of an organism.


== Biology ==

Biological ablation is the removal of a biological structure or functionality.
Genetic ablation is another term for gene silencing, in which gene expression is abolished through the alteration or deletion of genetic sequence information. In cell ablation, individual cells in a population or culture are destroyed or removed. Both can be used as experimental tools, as in loss-of-function experiments.


== Medicine ==
In medicine, ablation is the removal of a part of biological tissue, usually by surgery. Surface ablation of the skin (dermabrasion, also called resurfacing because it induces regeneration) can be carried out by chemicals (chemoablation), by lasers (laser ablation), by freezing (cryoablation), or by electricity (fulguration). Its purpose is to remove skin spots, aged skin, wrinkles, thus rejuvenating it. Surface ablation is also employed in otolaryngology for several kinds of surgery, such as the one for snoring. Radiofrequency ablation (RFA) is a method of removing aberrant tissue from within the body via minimally invasive procedures, it is used to cure a variety of cardiac arrhythmia such as supraventricular tachycardia, Wolff–Parkinson–White syndrome (WPW), ventricular tachycardia, and more recently as management of atrial fibrillation. The term is often used in the context of laser ablation, a process in which a laser dissolves a material's molecular bonds.  For a laser to ablate tissues, the power density or fluence must be high, otherwise thermocoagulation occurs, which is simply thermal vaporization of the tissues.
Rotablation is a type of arterial cleansing that consists of inserting a tiny, diamond-tipped, drill-like device into the affected artery to remove fatty deposits or plaque. The procedure is used in the treatment of coronary heart disease to restore blood flow.
Microwave ablation (MWA) is similar to RFA but at higher frequencies of electromagnetic radiation.
High-intensity focused ultrasound (HIFU) ablation removes tissue from within the body noninvasively.
Bone marrow ablation is a process whereby the human bone marrow cells are eliminated in preparation for a bone marrow transplant. This is performed using high-intensity chemotherapy and total body irradiation. As such, it has nothing to do with the vaporization techniques described in the rest of this article.
Ablation of brain tissue is used for treating certain neurological disorders, particularly Parkinson's disease, and sometimes for psychiatric disorders as well.
Recently, some researchers reported successful results with genetic ablation. In particular, genetic ablation is potentially a much more efficient method of removing unwanted cells, such as tumor cells, because large numbers of animals lacking specific cells could be generated. Genetically ablated lines can be maintained for a prolonged period of time and shared within the research community. Researchers at Columbia University report of reconstituted caspases combined from C. elegans and humans, which maintain a high degree of target specificity. The genetic ablation techniques described could prove useful in battling cancer.


== Electro-ablation ==
Electro-ablation, is a process that removes material from a metallic workpiece to reduce surface roughness.
Electro-ablation breaks through highly resistive oxide surfaces, such as those found on titanium and other exotic metals and alloys without melting the underlying non-oxidised metal or alloy. This allows very quick surface finishing
The process is capable of providing surface finishing for a wide range of exotic and widely used metals and alloys, including: titanium, stainless steel, niobium, chromium–cobalt, Inconel, aluminium, and a range of widely available steels and alloys.
Electro-ablation is very effective at achieving high levels of surface finishing in holes, valleys and hidden or internal surfaces on metallic workpieces (parts).
The process is particularly applicable to components produced by additive manufacturing process, such as 3D-printed metals. These components tend to be produced with roughness levels well above 5–20 micron. Electro-ablation can be used to quickly reduce the surface roughness to less than 0.8 micron, allowing the post-process to be used for volume production surface finishing.


== Glaciology ==

In glaciology and meteorology, ablation—the opposite of accumulation—refers to all processes that remove snow, ice, or water from a glacier or snowfield. Ablation refers to the melting of snow or ice that runs off the glacier, evaporation, sublimation, calving, or erosive removal of snow by wind.  Air temperature is typically the dominant control of ablation, with precipitation exercising secondary control. In a temperate climate during ablation season, ablation rates typically average around 2 mm/h. Where solar radiation is the dominant cause of snow ablation (e.g., if air temperatures are low under clear skies), characteristic ablation textures such as suncups and penitentes may develop on the snow surface. Ablation can refer to mass loss from the upper surface of a glacier or ocean-driven melt and calving on the face of a glacier terminus.Ablation can refer either to the processes removing ice and snow or to the quantity of ice and snow removed.
Debris-covered glaciers have also been shown to greatly impact the ablation process. There is a thin debris layer that can be located on the top of glaciers that intensifies the ablation process below the ice. The debris-covered parts of a glacier that is experiencing ablation are sectioned into three categories which include ice cliffs, ponds, and debris. These three sections allow scientists to measure the heat digested by the debris-covered area and is calculated. The calculations are dependent on the area and net absorbed heat amounts in regards to the entire debris-covered zones. These types of calculations are done to various glaciers to understand and analyze future patterns of melting.Moraine (glacial debris) is moved by natural processes that allow for down-slope movement of materials on the glacier body. It is noted that if the slope of a glacier is too high then the debris will continue to move along the glacier to a further location. The sizes and locations of glaciers vary around the world, so depending on the climate and physical geography the varieties of debris can differ. The size and magnitude of the debris is dependent on the area of glacier and can vary from dust-size fragments to blocks as large as a house.There have been many experiments done to demonstrate the effect of debris on the surface of glaciers. Yoshiyuki Fujii, a professor at the National Institute of Polar Research, designed an experiment that showed ablation rate was accelerated under a thin debris layer and was retarded under a thick one as compared with that of a natural snow surface. This science is significant due to the importance of long-term availability of water resources and assess glacier response to climate change. Natural resource availability is a major drive behind research conducted in regards to the ablation process and overall study of glaciers.


== Laser ablation ==

 Laser ablation is greatly affected by the nature of the material and its ability to absorb energy, therefore the wavelength of the ablation laser should have a minimum absorption depth.  While these lasers can average a low power, they can offer peak intensity and fluence given by:

  
    
      
        
          
            
              
                
                  Intensity 
                
                (
                
                  W
                
                
                  /
                
                
                  
                    c
                    m
                  
                  
                    2
                  
                
                )
              
              
                
                =
                
                  
                    
                      
                        average power 
                      
                      (
                      
                        W
                      
                      )
                    
                    
                      
                        focal spot area 
                      
                      (
                      
                        
                          c
                          m
                        
                        
                          2
                        
                      
                      )
                    
                  
                
              
            
            
              
                
                  Peak intensity 
                
                (
                
                  W
                
                
                  /
                
                
                  
                    c
                    m
                  
                  
                    2
                  
                
                )
              
              
                
                =
                
                  
                    
                      
                        peak power 
                      
                      (
                      
                        W
                      
                      )
                    
                    
                      
                        focal spot area 
                      
                      (
                      
                        
                          c
                          m
                        
                        
                          2
                        
                      
                      )
                    
                  
                
              
            
            
              
                
                  Fluence 
                
                (
                
                  J
                
                
                  /
                
                
                  
                    c
                    m
                  
                  
                    2
                  
                
                )
              
              
                
                =
                
                  
                    
                      
                        laser pulse energy 
                      
                      (
                      
                        J
                      
                      )
                    
                    
                      
                        focal spot area 
                      
                      (
                      
                        
                          c
                          m
                        
                        
                          2
                        
                      
                      )
                    
                  
                
              
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\begin{aligned}{\text{Intensity }}(\mathrm {W} /\mathrm {cm} ^{2})&={\frac {{\text{average power }}(\mathrm {W} )}{{\text{focal spot area }}(\mathrm {cm} ^{2})}}\\[5pt]{\text{Peak intensity }}(\mathrm {W} /\mathrm {cm} ^{2})&={\frac {{\text{peak power }}(\mathrm {W} )}{{\text{focal spot area }}(\mathrm {cm} ^{2})}}\\[5pt]{\text{Fluence }}(\mathrm {J} /\mathrm {cm} ^{2})&={\frac {{\text{laser pulse energy }}(\mathrm {J} )}{{\text{focal spot area }}(\mathrm {cm} ^{2})}}\end{aligned}}}
  while the peak power is

  
    
      
        
          Peak power 
        
        (
        
          W
        
        )
        =
        
          
            
              
                pulse energy 
              
              (
              
                J
              
              )
            
            
              
                pulse duration 
              
              (
              
                s
              
              )
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\text{Peak power }}(\mathrm {W} )={\frac {{\text{pulse energy }}(\mathrm {J} )}{{\text{pulse duration }}(\mathrm {s} )}}}
  Surface ablation of the cornea for several types of eye refractive surgery is now common, using an excimer laser system (LASIK and LASEK). Since the cornea does not grow back, laser is used to remodel the cornea refractive properties to correct refraction errors, such as astigmatism, myopia, and hyperopia. Laser ablation is also used to remove part of the uterine wall in women with menstruation and adenomyosis problems in a process called endometrial ablation.
Recently, researchers have demonstrated a successful technique for ablating subsurface tumors with minimal thermal damage to surrounding healthy tissue, by using a focused laser beam from an ultra-short pulse diode laser source.


== Marine surface coatings ==
Antifouling paints and other related coatings are routinely used to prevent the buildup of microorganisms and other animals, such as barnacles for the bottom hull surfaces of recreational, commercial and military sea vessels. Ablative paints are often utilized for this purpose to prevent the dilution or deactivation of the antifouling agent.  Over time, the paint will slowly decompose in the water, exposing fresh antifouling compounds on the surface. Engineering the antifouling agents and the ablation rate can produce long-lived protection from the deleterious effects of biofouling.


== Passive fire protection ==
Firestopping and fireproofing products can be ablative in nature. This can mean endothermic materials, or merely materials that are sacrificial and become "spent" over time while exposed to fire, such as silicone firestop products.
Given sufficient time under fire or heat conditions, these products char away, crumble, and disappear. The idea is to put enough of this material in the way of the fire that a level of fire-resistance rating can be maintained, as demonstrated in a fire test. Ablative materials usually have a large concentration of organic matter that is reduced by fire to ashes. In the case of silicone, organic rubber surrounds very finely divided silica dust (up to 380 m2 of combined surface area of all the dust particles per gram of this dust). When the organic rubber is exposed to fire, it burns to ash and leaves behind the silica dust with which the product started.


== Protoplanetary disk ablation ==
Protoplanetary disks are rotating circumstellar disks of dense gas and dust surrounding young, newly formed stars. Shortly after star formation, stars often have leftover surrounding material that is still gravitationally bound to them, forming primitive disks that orbit around the star's equator – not too dissimilarly from the rings of Saturn. This occurs because the decrease in the protostellar material’s radius during formation increases angular momentum, which means that this remaining material gets whipped into a flattened circumstellar disk around the star. This circumstellar disk may eventually mature into what is referred to as a protoplanetary disk: a disk of gas, dust, ice and other materials from which planetary systems may form. In these disks, orbiting matter starts to accrete in the colder mid-plane of the disk from dust grains and ices sticking together. These small accretions grow from pebbles to rocks to early baby planets, called planetesimals, then protoplanets, and eventually, full planets.As it is believed that massive stars may play a role in actively triggering star formation (by introducing gravitational instabilities amongst other factors), it is plausible that young, smaller stars with disks may be living relatively nearby to older, more massive stars. This has already been confirmed through observations to be the case in certain clusters, e.g. in the Trapezium cluster. Since massive stars tend to collapse through supernovae at the end of their lives, research is now investigating what role the shockwave of such an explosion, and the resulting supernova remnant (SNR), would play if it occurred in the line of fire of a protoplanetary disk. According to computationally modelled simulations, a SNR striking a protoplanetary disk would result in significant ablation of the disk, and this ablation would strip a significant amount of protoplanetary material from the disk – but not necessarily destroy the disk entirely. This is an important point because a disk that survives such an interaction with sufficient material leftover to form a planetary system may inherit an altered disk chemistry from the SNR, which could have effects on the planetary systems that later form.


== Spaceflight ==

In spacecraft design, ablation is used to both cool and protect mechanical parts and/or payloads that would otherwise be damaged by extremely high temperatures.  Two principal applications are heat shields for spacecraft entering a planetary atmosphere from space and cooling of rocket engine nozzles. Examples include the Apollo Command Module that protected astronauts from the heat of atmospheric reentry and the Kestrel second stage rocket engine designed for exclusive use in an environment of space vacuum since no heat convection is possible.
In a basic sense, ablative material is designed so that instead of heat being transmitted into the structure of the spacecraft, only the outer surface of the material bears the majority of the heating effect. The outer surface chars and burns away – but quite slowly, only gradually exposing new fresh protective material beneath. The heat is carried away from the spacecraft by the gases generated by the ablative process, and never penetrates the surface material, so the metallic and other sensitive structures they protect, remain at a safe temperature. As the surface burns and disperses into space, the remaining solid material continues to insulate the craft from ongoing heat and superheated gases. The thickness of the ablative layer is calculated to be sufficient to survive the heat it will encounter on its mission.
There is an entire branch of spaceflight research involving the search for new fireproofing materials to achieve the best ablative performance;  this function is critical to protect the spacecraft occupants and payload from otherwise excessive heat loading.  The same technology is used in some passive fire protection applications, in some cases by the same vendors, who offer different versions of these fireproofing products, some for aerospace and some for structural fire protection.


== See also ==
Electrical arc flash burns
Ablative armor


== References ==


== External links ==

Chemical Peeling. American Society for Dermatological Surgery.
Lasik Laser Eye Surgery. USA Food an Drugs Administration info.
Physics of laser ablation
Mislav Grgić (born in 1973 in Osijek, Croatia) is a university professor, scientist, Ph.D. in technical sciences, and electrical engineer. He served as a Dean of FER from 2014 until 2018. He was the Head of the Alumni Community of FER from 2018 until 2022, with more than 20,000 members, and he was a Special Advisor to the Rector of the University of Zagreb for STEM Disciplines and International Projects from 2015 until 2022. He is a full member of the Academia Europaea - The Academy of Europe and a full member of the Croatian Academy of Engineering. He was a science advisor to the President of the Management Board of Končar - Electrical Industry, the largest electrical engineering company in Croatia.


== Biography ==
Mislav Grgić was born in 1973 in Osijek, Croatia. He received B.Sc., M.Sc., and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from the University of Zagreb, Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computing (FER), Zagreb, Croatia, in 1997, 1998, and 2000, respectively.
He has been working at the Department of Communication and Space Technologies  at FER since July 1997. He was a visiting researcher at the University of Essex, United Kingdom (1999/2000). He has been promoted to the position of Full Professor since June 2010 and to the permanent position since January 2016.
Mislav Grgić was an editor of four books and many other publications and is a member of many organizing committees of scientific conferences. He is highly cited scientists at the University of Zagreb, with more than 5,600 citations according to Google Scholar database (h-index = 33).


== Academic activities ==
Mislav Grgić was a dean of the Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computing (FER), University of Zagreb, Croatia (2014-2018; the youngest ever elected dean), and a vice dean for research of FER (2010-2014). He was a head of the alumni community, with more than 20,000 members (2018-2022). He was a special advisor to the rector of the University of Zagreb for STEM disciplines and international projects (2015-2022). He was a science advisor to the president of the management board of "Končar - Electrical Industry", the largest electrical engineering company in Croatia, for two years (2019-2020). Prof. Grgić is currently a president of the prestigious Deans' Club association since November 2022.
He was a deputy president of the "Energy Platform Living Lab - Association for Open Innovations in Energy Sector" (2014-2018), and a president of the board of directors of institution "Innovation Center Nikola Tesla" (2015-2018).Mislav Grgić initiated, organized and conducted a project that resulted in creation of a new database: "SCface - Surveillance Cameras Face Database", pioneering database for testing face recognition in real-world conditions. The SCface database was downloaded by more than 400 research groups located in 60 countries since January 2010. SCface database has a multidisciplinary importance: it is used not only in engineering and computer science fields but also in other fields like neuroscience, psychology, and psychiatry, what can be seen from the citations to this database from the corresponding research papers. SCface database is also used by military officials, police departments, and several renowned companies (e.g. Samsung, Bosch, Panasonic, LG Electronics, IBM, Amazon, NEC, and Visa Research).
Mislav Grgić initiated, organized, and developed a web-site "Face Recognition Homepage", academic and research portal that become a starting point on the web for every face recognition researcher. This web-site is an information pool for the face recognition community that provides an entry point for novices as well as a centralized information resource to concentrate face recognition and related scientific efforts. The importance of the web-site could be seen from the fact that it was described in the section "NetWatch" of the Science Magazine, one of the world's top academic journals.


== Scientific and professional organizations ==
Mislav Grgić has been elected as a Full Member of the Academia Europaea - The Academy of Europe since July 2019. Academia Europaea is based in London, and founded in 1988. In the Academia Europaea, among others, there are over 70 Nobel Prize winners.
He has been accepted as a full member of the Croatian Academy of Engineering (HATZ)  since 2012, where he was a collaborating member from 2004 to 2012. He served as a Chair of the IEEE Croatia Section (2013-2016), that has approx. 700 members. He also served as a member of the Committee for International Cooperation at HATZ (2009-2013).
He was a member of the Working Group for the preparation of negotiations for the accession of the Republic of Croatia to the European Union, responsible for the Chapter 10 of the acquis communautaire: "Information Society and Media" (2005-2008). He was an appointed member of the Committee on Transportation, Communications and Maritime Affairs of the Croatian Parliament (2008-2011) He is a Senior Member of IEEE and a Senior Member of SPIE. He is also a member of IEEE Signal Processing Society, IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society, IEEE Computer Society, IEEE Communications Society, IEEE Computational Intelligence Society, EURASIP, ELMAR, and AMAC-FER.


== Honors and awards ==
2020 "Josip Loncar" gold medal of the Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computing, University of Zagreb for the great contribution to the development and successful management of the Faculty, for a scientific contribution in the field of digital image processing and multimedia communications, for the popularization of science and for the general enhancement of the reputation of the Faculty through its scientific research and professional work;
2019 The Croatian State Science Award for 2018 for popularization of technical sciences (with three co-awardees), presented in Croatian Parliament;
2019 The Order of the Croatian Star with the Effigy of Ruđer Bošković for extraordinary service in scientific work, popularization of science and attracting international projects, awarded by H. E. Mrs. Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović, President of Republic of Croatia;
2017 IEEE Croatia Section Distinguished Service Award for longtime contribution towards successful activities and international promotion of the IEEE Croatia Section, especially during his terms as a Chair of the IEEE Croatia Section from 2013 until 2016;
2017 The highest award in the field of technical sciences of the University of Zagreb - "Fran Bošnjaković" Award - for notable results in scientific, teaching and professional work and the promotion of scientific discipline and profession;
2017 The highest award of the City of Zagreb for great contribution to scientific work and activities in Zagreb;
2016 Special Recognition of the Rector of the University of Zagreb for committed and engaged work in university committees and boards and for foundation and development of the strategic investment project "Innovation Center Nikola Tesla" at the University of Zagreb;
2015 Medal of the Electric Traction Division of the Warsaw University of Technology on the 90th Anniversary of Electric Traction Teaching at the Warsaw University of Technology;
2005 Young scientist award "Vera Johanides" of the Croatian Academy of Engineering (HATZ) for scientific achievements in the area of multimedia communications;
1999-2000 "The British Scholarship Trust" fellowship;
1999 "Josip Loncar" silver medal of the Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computing, University of Zagreb for the outstanding M.Sc. thesis work;
1997 "Josip Loncar" bronze medal of the Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computing, University of Zagreb for the outstanding B.Sc. thesis work;
1994, 1995, 1996, and 1997 Rector's Award of University of Zagreb;
1994-1997 The City of Zagreb Merit Scholarship.


== Other activities ==
Mislav Grgić is a founder and first chair of the program "ŠUZA - From School to Science and Academic Community" - official FER's popularization program that is conducted in cooperation with elementary and secondary schools in Croatia. He is a co-founder and a president (prefect) of the Academic Male Choir of FER  (the biggest male choir in Croatia) and Women Singing Choir "Rezonanca" of FER. He is an honorary member of the Croatian Singing Society "Slavulj" Petrinja, the oldest singing society in Croatia, founded in 1864, with only six honorary members in their 156-years long history.
He is also a member of The Society of Brethren of the Croatian Dragonthe - as the Dragon Strossmayer's - where he is serving as 10th Grand Master (2021-2026), and he was also serving as a Herald - Head of the Dragons' Heraldic Office (2017-2019). He was also a member of the management committee (2017-2021) of medieval castle in Ozalj, Croatia - first mentioned in 1244. He is a member of the Brotherhood (Fraternity) of All Saints in Korcula, founded in 1301 and a member of the Croatian Heraldic & Vexillological Association.
He is a founder of several non-governmental organizations (NGOs): Croatian Council of the European Movement, Croatian Club for International Cooperation, Croatian Junior Chamber, and Croatian Academic-Business Club.


== Personal life ==
He is married to Sonja Grgić  (maiden: Bauer), university professor, with whom he has one child. He is a Christian of Roman Catholic denomination.


== Bibliography ==
Google Scholar profile: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=IyLtdscAAAAJ
Scopus Author ID: https://www.scopus.com/authid/detail.uri?authorId=56234047900
ResearcherID: http://www.researcherid.com/rid/B-6128-2008
ORCID profile: http://orcid.org/0000-0001-6230-3734


== External links ==
Personal homepage: https://www.mislavgrgic.info/


== References ==
Oh! Lovely is a Bengali romantic drama film directed by Haranath Chakraborty. This is the debut film of Bengali politician Madan Mitra. This film has been released on 25 August 2023 under the banner of Sathi Films.


== Plot ==
It is the story of a village boy Sayantan alias Santu whose father is a rich farmer Ramanikanta. Ramanikanta supplies rice to another businessman Subimal. Santu is willing to go Kolkata for job instead of looking after his father's well established business. During the interview he meets an orphan girl Nidhi and they fall in love and decide to marry each other.


== Cast ==
Rajnandini Paul as Nidhi
Rik Chatterjee as Santu
Madan Mitra as Subimal
Kharaj Mukherjee as Ramanikanta
Laboni Sarkar Santu's mother
Dron Mukherjee
Kaushik Bhattacharya
Buddhadeb Bhattacharya
Tapati Munsi
Mrinmoy Das


== Soundtrack ==
The music of the film has been composed by Suvam - Subhankar.


== References ==


== External links ==
Oh! Lovely at IMDb
Leroy Binkley (1922–1994), aka "Roy", was an architect based out of Chicago.  He created modern homes in the Chicago area and some in Connecticut, including The Allen House (Westport, Connecticut) which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.


== Biography ==
Binkley was born in Chicago, Illinois. He studied under Mies van der Rohe. He later worked with John Black Lee at the office of Paul Schweikher in Chicago.


== Personal life ==
He was married to Joan Florsheim, daughter of Claire (née Block) Florsheim Zeisler (1903–1991) and Harold Florsheim (son of Milton S. Florsheim, the founder of Florsheim Shoes); he had two children Lisa Binkley Brunke and Peter Binkley. His sister was married to art director and graphic designer Paul Rand for whom he designed a house. He died on March 3, 1994, at the age of 73 in Lake Forest, Illinois.


== References ==


== External links ==
Leroy Binkley
Snoddy's Mill was a historic grist mill located at Wabash Township, Fountain County, Indiana.


== History ==
In 1828, Benjamin Beckelhymer and Isaac Ferguson built a sawmill over Coal Creek. A mill for lumber was an important addition to life in early Fountain County. As the growing population's need for ground corn increased, the mill partners soon added a grist mill. Together, Beckelhymer and Ferguson operated these mills for about ten years. Beckelhymer and Ferguson sold the mill to John A. Kiger, who sold the mill to John Headley.Headley's Mills operated until 1851 when it was purchased by partners Samuel I. Snoddy and John Hardisty. These partners sold out to George Mosier in 1854. The next year, 1855, Samuel Snoddy bought the mill along with twelve acres of adjoining property. In 1863, he expanded the site by 160 acres.As postmaster, Snoddy changed the name of Headley's Mills to "Snoddy's Mills" in October 1864. As he observed the business potential provided by the expanding coal mining community in nearby Stringtown, Snoddy reworked the grist mill in 1869 by adding three runs of burrs for producing flour. By 1872, a railroad was constructed as an effective outlet for the nearby coal industry which had been shipping over the Wabash and Erie Canal. Within two years, Snoddy's enterprises expanded to his first general store. By 1877, he opened his second store, so that one was a grocery and the other a dry goods store. In 1888, Snoddy turned the enterprise over to two of his sons.When the local coal mining business faded away, Snoddy's Mills continued to stand. The post office name was changed to "Coal Creek" in July 1888. The log dam was replaced by a concrete dam. The mill operated until as late as 1946. The creek below the dam became a beach for swimmers. Nearby Stringtown Road was rerouted in 1965 so that traffic no longer passed directly over Coal Creek at Snoddy's Mill. In 1966, the mill building was restored by the local historical society to serve as a museum. However, the building was eventually abandoned and was razed in 1982. The concrete dam remains.


== References ==


== External links ==
Snoddy's Mill circa 1970
Snoddy's Mill image in 1937 showing a concrete dam
Snoddy's Mill image in 1910s showing the log dam
Cemetery record of Samuel I. Snoddy at Findagrave.com which includes citation from Beckwith's History of Fountain County
The 2021 Daytona 500, the 63rd running of the event, was a NASCAR Cup Series race that was held on February 14–15, 2021 at Daytona International Speedway in Daytona Beach, Florida. Contested over 200 laps on the 2.5-mile (4.0 km) asphalt superspeedway, it was the first race of the 2021 NASCAR Cup Series season. In one of the biggest surprise upsets in Daytona 500 history, Michael McDowell, driving for Front Row Motorsports, won after Team Penske teammates Joey Logano and Brad Keselowski wrecked battling for the lead on the final lap. McDowell was a 100–1 underdog, making his 358th Cup Series start and driving for a team with only two previous Cup Series victories.


== Report ==
Daytona International Speedway is a race track in Daytona Beach, Florida that is one of six superspeedways, the others being Auto Club Speedway, Pocono Raceway, Indianapolis Motor Speedway, Michigan International Speedway and Talladega Superspeedway.


=== Background ===
Daytona International Speedway is one of three superspeedways to hold NASCAR races, the other two being Indianapolis Motor Speedway and Talladega Superspeedway. The standard track at Daytona International Speedway is a four-turn superspeedway that is 2.5 miles (4.0 km) long. The track's turns are banked at 31 degrees, while the front stretch, the location of the finish line, is banked at 18 degrees. The race will be the return of multiple retired drivers, such as 2010 winner Jamie McMurray and Derrike Cope, the 1990 winner. The race will also be the debut of drivers Anthony Alfredo, Chase Briscoe, Austin Cindric and Noah Gragson. Although Gragson missed the race due to Crashing in duel 2. The race will also be the debut of many new teams, most notably 23XI Racing.This is the first Daytona 500 without two-time Daytona 500 winner Jimmie Johnson since 2001.


==== Entry list ====
(W) denotes past 500 winner.
(R) denotes rookie driver.
(i) denotes driver who is ineligible for series driver points.


== First practice (February 9) ==
Bubba Wallace was the fastest in the first practice session with a time of 45.057 seconds and a speed of 199.747 mph (321.462 km/h). This was the first practice session for a NASCAR Cup Series race in almost a year, the last one being at the 2020 March Phoenix Race.


== Qualifying ==
Alex Bowman scored the pole for the race with a time of 47.056 and a speed of 191.261 mph (307.805 km/h).
Electrical problems for Derrike Cope and multiple inspection failures for Noah Gragson kept them from taking a timed lap.


=== Qualifying results ===


== Bluegreen Vacations Duels ==

The Bluegreen Vacations Duels are a pair of NASCAR Cup Series races held in conjunction with the Daytona 500 annually in February at Daytona International Speedway. They consist of two races 60 laps and 150 miles (240 km) in length, which serve as heat races that set the lineup for the Daytona 500. The first race sets the lineup for cars that qualified in odd-numbered positions on pole qualifying day, while the second race sets the lineup for cars that qualified in even-numbered positions. The Duels set the lineup for positions 3–38, while positions 39 and 40 are filled by the two "Open" (teams without a charter) cars that set the fastest times in qualifying, but did not lock in a spot in the Duels.


=== Duel 1 ===


==== Duel 1 results ====


=== Duel 2 ===


==== Duel 2 results ====


=== Starting lineup ===


== Practice (post–Duels) ==


=== Second practice (February 13) ===
Brad Keselowski was the fastest in the second practice session with a time of 45.826 seconds and a speed of 196.395 mph (316.067 km/h).


=== Final practice (February 13) ===
Final practice session scheduled for Saturday was cancelled due to rain.


== Race ==
Alex Bowman started on pole, as the race was under threat from rain and thunderstorms. Derrike Cope cut a tire and hit the wall on lap 3, ironically during the lap 3 tribute to Dale Earnhardt, who cut a tire allowing Cope to win the 500 thirty-one years earlier, to bring out the first caution while causing damage to Bubba Wallace. On lap 14, "The Big One" struck in turn 3 as Aric Almirola and Bowman got turned into the outside wall collecting 16 cars. Two laps later, the race was red-flagged for 5 hours and 40 minutes due to rain and lightning. The race restarted with Kevin Harvick as the leader. Defending winner Denny Hamlin won stages 1 and 2 as Christopher Bell lost a left-rear tire and spun collecting Ricky Stenhouse Jr. and Jamie McMurray in stage 2. The final stage remained caution-free as Hamlin, in contention to win the race for the third consecutive time, pitted from the lead on final pit stops but fell back to 13th as the pack got single file with Joey Logano leading. On the last lap, Brad Keselowski attempted to pass Logano on the backstretch but the two collided, creating a fiery crash sending Keselowski into the catchfence and collecting Kyle Busch, Joey Logano, Bubba Wallace, Austin Cindric, Kyle Larson, Ryan Preece, Ross Chastain and Cole Custer. Michael McDowell, who was third at the time, dodged the final lap crash to win his first career victory under caution as well as earning Front Row Motorsports' third Cup victory.


=== Stage Results ===
Stage One
Laps: 65

Stage Two
Laps: 65


=== Final Stage Results ===
Stage Three
Laps: 70


=== Race statistics ===
Lead changes: 22 among 13 different drivers
Cautions/Laps: 7 for 40
Red flags: 1 for 5 hours, 40 minutes and 29 seconds
Time of race: 3 hours, 27 minutes and 44 seconds
Average speed: 144.416 miles per hour (232.415 km/h)


== Media ==


=== Television ===

Since 2001—with the exception of 2002, 2004 and 2006—the Daytona 500 has been broadcast on Fox in the United States. The booth crew consisted of longtime NASCAR lap-by-lap announcer Mike Joy, three-time Daytona 500 champion Jeff Gordon and Clint Bowyer. Jamie Little, Regan Smith and Vince Welch handled pit road for the television side. 1992 and 1998 Daytona 500 winning crew chief Larry McReynolds provided insight from the Fox Sports studio in Charlotte.


=== Radio ===
The race was broadcast on radio by the Motor Racing Network—who has covered the Daytona 500 since 1970—and was simulcast on Sirius XM NASCAR Radio. The booth crew consisted of Alex Hayden, Jeff Striegle and 1989 Cup Series champion Rusty Wallace. Longtime turn announcer Dave Moody was the lead turn announcer, calling the race from atop the Sunoco tower outside the exit of turn 2 when the field raced through turns 1 and 2. Mike Bagley worked the backstretch for the race from a spotter's stand on the inside of the track & Kyle Rickey called the race when the field raced through turns 3 and 4 from the Sunoco tower outside the exit of turn 4. On pit road, MRN was manned by Steve Post and Kim Coon.


== Standings after the race ==


== References ==
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Berkshire County, Massachusetts.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a map.There are 178 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 10 National Historic Landmarks.

          This National Park Service list is complete through NPS recent listings posted March 8, 2024.


== Current listings ==


== See also ==
 
List of National Historic Landmarks in Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places listings in Massachusetts


== References ==
The 188th New York Infantry Regiment was an American Civil War infantry regiment from New York that served from October 1864 through July 1865 in the Union Army.Colonel James R. Chamberlain, succeeded by Col. John McMahon, received authority, September 14, 1864, to recruit this regiment, with headquarters at Rochester, where it was organized and mustered in the service of the United States for one year, October 4, 5, 7, 10 and 22, 1864; except Company A, originally Company C, 183d Infantry, which was mustered in at Elmira September 24, 1864.


== Formation ==
The regiment was formed in upstate New York, drawing men from Monroe, Ontario, Livingston, Yates, and Steuben counties for one year of service. Company A of the 188th New York was mustered in at Elmira, Chemung County, New York, on September 24, 1864. Company A was originally Company C of the 183rd New York Infantry. Companies B through J were mustered into federal service on October 4, 1864, at Rochester, Monroe County, New York. Company K did not join the regiment until November.The companies were recruited principally: A at Villenova, Allegany, Madison, Yorkshire, Freedom and Mansfield; B at Rochester, Avon, Phelps, Victor, Italy, Penn Yan, Naples and Geneseo; C at Italy, Jerusalem, Rochester, Milo, Avon, Middlesex and Springtwater; D at Springwater, York, Sparta, Avon, Potter, Portage, North Dansville, Geneseo, Leicester and Mt. Morris; E at Livonia, Potter, Portage, Richmond, Avon, Farmington, Jerusalem, Springwater, Seneca, York and Leicester; F at Rochester, Corning, Canandaigua, Hornby and Tuscarora; G at Springwater, Avon, Gorham, Mt. Morris, Canandaigua, Sparta, Middlesex, Leicester, Italy and Barrington; H at Rochester, Sparta, Avon, Dansville and Springwater; I at Avon, Nunda, Rochester, Dansville, Livonia, Groveland, Conesus, Mt. Morris, Phelps and York; and K at Rochester, North Dansville, Conesus, Groveland, Torry, Milo, Avon and Middlesex.


== Federal service ==
The 188th New York left the state to join the Army of the Potomac on October 13, 1864. Initially, only seven companies left the state but company K followed in November. The army was before Petersburg, Virginia, at that time. The regiment was placed in 2nd Brigade, 1st Division, V Corps then under Major General Gouverneur Warren. The 188th New York remained in this assignment for its entire federal service.On October 27, less than a month after first muster, the regiment went into battle at Hatcher's Run near the Weldon Railroad. The regiment suffered 7 dead and between 39 and 46 wounded (depending on reports).
On December 8, 1864, the regiment participated on a raid to Hicksford, Virginia, where two soldiers were taken prisoner.
February 6 and 7, 1865 saw the regiment at Hatcher's Run again. During this battle the regiment suffered 5 dead, 21 wounded, and 3 missing.
The Appomattox campaign saw the regiment fight with its corps at White Oak ridge, Gravelly Run and Five Forks, when its casualties aggregated 45 killed and wounded. The 188th New York also participated in the final assault on Petersburg and was present at Appomattox Station on April 9 when General Lee surrendered the Army of Northern Virginia. According to the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle, it reported that the 188th was the regiment that "busted up the confederacy."  They were given the honor of posting guard duty around the court house while Lee surrendered the confederacy to Grant.


== Deactivation ==
The regiment was mustered out of federal service on July 1, 1865, at Washington, D.C., with less than the planned one year of service.


== Regiment commanders ==
September 14 - October 12, 1864 - Colonel James R. Chamberlain
October 12, 1864, to July 1, 1865 - Colonel John E. McMahon


=== Other Officers ===
Lieutenant Colonel Isaac Doolittle
Major Christopher C. Davison
Adjutant Orville Curtiss
Quartermaster Henry E. McMahon
Surgeon O. Sprague Paine
Assistant Surgeon Gideon O. Spencer - October 10, 1864, to February 13, 1865
Assistant Surgeon Charles E. Hill - May 1 to July 1, 1865


== Battle summary ==
October 27, 1864 - Hatcher's Run, Virginia
December 8, 1864 - Warren's Raid, Virginia
February 6–7, 1865 - Hatcher's Run, Virginia
March 19, 1865 - White Oak Ridge, Virginia
March 29, 1865 - Gravelly Run, Virginia
March 29, 1865 - Lewis Farm, Virginia
March 30, 1865 - Five Forks, Virginia
March 31, 1865 - Gravelly Run, Virginia
April 1, 1865 - Five Forks, Virginia
April 2, 1865 - Fall of Petersburg
April 9, 1865 - Appomattox Courthouse (not a battle)


=== Casualties ===
Officers killed or mortally wounded: 1
Officers Died of Disease, Accidents, etc.: 0
Enlisted Men Killed or Mortally Wounded: 36
Enlisted Men Died of Disease, Accidents, etc.: 53
Enlisted Men Missing: 4


== Footnotes ==


== Bibliography ==


== See also ==
List of New York Civil War regiments


== External links ==
New York State Military Museum
New York Volunteers 188th Regiment
The 1999 SWAC men's basketball tournament was held March 3–5, 1999. The quarterfinal round was held at the home arena of the higher-seeded team, while the semifinal and championship rounds were held at the F. G. Clark Activity Center in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Alcorn State defeated Southern, 89–83 in the championship game. The Braves received the conference's automatic bid to the 1999 NCAA tournament as No. 15 seed in the West Region.


== Bracket and results ==


== References ==
Xtraview was a British pay-per-view television channel run by Top Up TV. It replaced Top Up TV Sampler, a promotional channel showing Top Up TV's latest offers presented by Alice Beer. Xtraview showed a selection of programs from the Top Up TV package, at a cost of one pound per day. It ceased broadcasting on 31 August 2005 at 11.00pm due to lack of space on the DTT platform after Top Up TV's short-term lease with Channel 4 on multiplex 2 expired in September 2005, and has since been replaced with More 4. The official reason stated on the channel is that it is being "modified", however no developments were made and this screen was shown from its demise to March 2006.The channel used the Xtraview Encryption System, making the channel vulnerable to hacking. Another downfall was that if the digital terrestrial receiver was switched off, the box lost access to the channel.
For a short time Top Up TV Pay As You Go [1] offered a replacement for Xtraview. However, Top Up TV Pay as You Go also closed on 31 May 2006.


== Xtraview daily schedule ==
Monday to Friday
06:00-09:00 Boomerang
09:00-12:00 Discovery Real Time
12:00-14:00 Cartoon Network
14:00-16:00 UKTV Food
16:00-18:00 Cartoon Network
18:00-19:00 UKTV Style
19:00-21:00 UKTV Gold
21:00-23:00 Discovery Channel
Saturday-Sunday
06:00-09:00 Boomerang
09:00-12:00 Discovery Real Time
12:00-18:00 Cartoon Network
18:00-19:00 UKTV Style
19:00-21:00 Turner Classic Movies
21:00-23:00 Discovery Channel


== Video "encryption" system ==

The video encryption system used on Xtraview was not true encryption. Rather, Xtraview hid an additional video feed within the stream from the provider. The set top box was directed to display the hidden feed when the owner paid for the content. This led to problems with some users hacking the boxes to display the hidden feed.


== References ==


== External links ==
Top Up TV Homepage
Le Soleil de la Floride is a French-language newspaper in Florida for Francophones and tourists. Le Soleil de la Floride is published monthly from May to September and weekly from October to April. The newspaper has been published in Miami since 1983.


== Distribution ==
350,000 copies are sold in Florida, 100,000 in Quebec, in 35 numbers, giving around 13,000 copies by publication.


== Notes and references ==


== See also ==
List of French-language newspapers published in the United States


== External links ==
Official website (in French)
A sky villa is a housing concept which brings together the designs of villas and apartments into a single construct. It is a large apartment spanning an entire floor of an apartment building (or even two or more floors). Typically considered in the premium or luxury category of real estate around the globe, sky villas bring together living in a wide home space with the security and amenities of living in an apartment. An example of the luxury class of a sky villa is the single two floor sky villa suite of the Palms Casino Resort's fantasy tower, which is billed at US$35,487 per night, ranking it at number five among the world's 15 most expensive suites.Sky villas today typically come with a heavy price tag and numerous amenities, which includes having a butler and five-star chef on premises. Sky Villas are designed for exclusivity and extreme comfort for the residents, therefore are not easily affordable. It differs from penthouses, where the luxury amenities are limited only to the residents of the penthouse. In a sky villa, every resident has access to luxury amenities, along with privacy and security.


== Sky villas worldwide ==
Below are sky villas or buildings that have sky villas around the world:

Fantasy Tower of Palms Casino Resort - Las Vegas, Nevada
Honolulu Sky Villa - Honolulu, Hawai
Gables by the Bay - Goa, India
SKYDHAM Sky Villas - Mumbai, India
Sathorn Sky Villas - Bangkok, Thailand
Azalea – Skyvillas - Thrissur, Kerala, India
Olympia Opaline Skyvilla, Navalur, Chennai- India
81 Aureate, Bandra West, Mumbai - India
Bhandary Vertica, Kadri, Mangalore - India
Citadel Callista Sky Villa, Kadri, Mangalore - India
Regent Residences, Singapore


== References ==
Tecnomatix Technologies, Ltd. (formerly NASDAQ: TCNO) is a provider of Manufacturing Process Management and Product lifecycle management software to the electronics, automotive, aerospace and heavy equipment industries, currently owned by Siemens AG. Tecnomatix's eMPower is a suite of end-to-end Manufacturing Process Management solutions for the collaborative development and optimization of manufacturing processes across the extended enterprise and supply chain.


== History ==
Founded in Israel in 1983, the Tecnomatix Corporation provided Manufacturing Process Management (MPM) solutions for the automotive, electronics, aerospace and other manufacturing and processing industries. The Tecnomatix products suite offered software and services in all process monitoring and control, production management and execution.
Shlomo Dovrat was the founder of Tecnomatix and served as CEO and President from its inception until 1995. In 1993, Dovrat led Tecnomatix's IPO on the NASDAQ (TCNO). He served as Chairman of the Board of Directors from 1995 until December 2001. In 1994, Dovrat was succeeded as CEO by Harel Beit-On (also the company's President. In 2001 Beit-On was appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors, and served as Chairman until the company's acquisition in 2005.
In 1999, Tecnomatix acquired Unicam Software Inc., a provider of production engineering software to the printed circuit board (PCB) assembly market.In 2003, Tecnomatix acquired USDATA Corporation. USDATA was the creator of the supervisory-level control (SCADA) product FactoryLink, and the manufacturing execution systems (MES) product Xfactory.In 2005, Tecnomatix was acquired by the UGS Corporation and the Tecnomatix product was combined with UGS' existing MPM solutions. The current Tecnomatix software line includes Part Manufacturing, Assembly Planning, Resource Planning, Plant Simulation, Human Performance, Quality, Production Management, Manufacturing Data Management.In January 2007 UGS was purchased by Siemens AG, and today the Tecnomatix solutions are available from Siemens Digital Industries Software. Siemens Digital Industries Software announced Tecnomatix version 9 in June 2009.


== See also ==
UGS Corporation
Manufacturing Process Management
Product lifecycle management


== References ==


== External links ==
Official Tecnomatix Website
On October 28, 2022, far-right conspiracy theorist David DePape attacked Paul Pelosi, the then-82-year-old husband of Nancy Pelosi, the 52nd Speaker of the United States House of Representatives. He beat Paul Pelosi with a hammer during a home invasion of the couple's Pacific Heights, San Francisco residence, leaving him seriously injured. Pelosi required surgery for a fractured skull.
San Francisco police arrested DePape, age 42, at the scene. He planned to take Speaker Pelosi hostage and interrogate her. Prosecutors believe the attack to be politically motivated. DePape had a history of mental health issues and drug abuse; before the attack, he had embraced various far-right conspiracy theories, including QAnon, Pizzagate, and Donald Trump's false claims of a stolen election in 2020. Online, he made conspiratorial, racist, sexist, and antisemitic posts, and pushed COVID-19 vaccine misinformation. His blog also contained delusional thoughts. At his subsequent trial, DePape testified that he was motivated by conspiracy theories and had hatched a "grand plan" to target Speaker Pelosi and others.
On October 31, DePape was charged with two federal crimes: assault of an immediate family member of a federal official with the intent to retaliate against the official on account of the performance of official duties; and attempted kidnapping of a federal official on account of the performance of official duties. He was also charged with six state felonies, including attempted murder, residential burglary, assault with a deadly weapon, and elder abuse. Within days, prominent right-wing figures, including former president Donald Trump, shared disinformation and misinformation about the attack, casting doubt on the assailant's motives and claiming that the attack was a false flag operation.
DePape was convicted of the federal charges on November 16, 2023.


== Break-in and attack ==
During a police interview, David DePape said that he had gained access to the Pelosi residence by breaking through glass-paneled doors at the rear of the house. Subsequently released police body-worn camera footage showed the broken glass on the ground, and home surveillance video showed DePape breaking into the back of the house with repeated hammer blows. At the time of the break-in, Paul Pelosi, age 82, was sleeping in a third-floor bedroom. The intruder woke Pelosi and demanded to speak to "Nancy"; when Pelosi said that she was not home, the intruder said he would wait.Pelosi called 911 on his cellphone at 2:27 a.m. PDT but when prompted by the San Francisco Police 911 dispatcher Pelosi indicated he did not need police, fire, or medical. Pelosi later inquired about the presence of Capitol Police and relayed that a "gentleman" (DePape) was waiting for his wife Nancy Pelosi to return. The dispatcher then advises Pelosi to "call us back if you change your mind." Pelosi continues the conversation by sharing more detail about DePape's actions and demands. The dispatcher then makes a series of inquiries to clarify the situation. At one point DePape participates in this exchange sharing his full name with the dispatcher. The call ends after Pelosi indicates DePape wants him "to get the hell off the phone" and thanks the dispatcher. The call prompted the 911 dispatcher to send police to Pelosi's aid for a wellness check, which was credited with saving his life.San Francisco Police Department officers quickly arrived at the Pelosi residence and knocked on the door at 2:31 a.m. Pelosi opened the door. From outside the house, police observed DePape and Pelosi struggling for a hammer at the entryway. In front of police, DePape took the hammer and attacked Pelosi with a single blow. The released body-cam footage of San Francisco police officers capture the door opening as DePape struggles with Pelosi. DePape grasped a hammer in one hand and Pelosi's arm in another; after an officer commanded him to drop the hammer, DePape responded "uh, nope" and lunged at Pelosi, swinging the hammer overhead toward his head.Police then tackled and arrested DePape. After arresting the intruder, police discovered multiple zip ties, duct tape, white rope, a second hammer, and rubber and cloth gloves in his backpack. According to investigators, DePape had a list of additional potential targets.Following the attack, Pelosi underwent surgery to treat a skull fracture at the Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital. He also received treatment for serious injuries to his hands and right arm. Pelosi was released from the hospital on November 3. DePape was treated at the same hospital for minor injuries (specifically a dislocated shoulder); upon being discharged from the hospital, he was taken to the San Francisco County Jail.Nancy Pelosi was in Washington, D.C. at the time of the attack. She rushed back to San Francisco on a government airplane, and a motorcade escorted her to the hospital where her husband was being treated. The following day, she wrote a "Dear Colleague" letter to members of the House of Representatives, saying that her extended family was "heartbroken and traumatized by the life-threatening attack" and thanking law enforcement, emergency services, and hospital staff for aiding her husband.Paul Pelosi returned to public view over a month later, when he appeared with Nancy at the Kennedy Center Honors. He wore a hat and one glove to conceal his injuries.


== Investigation ==
The Federal Bureau of Investigation, the San Francisco Police Department, the United States Capitol Police (USCP), the U.S. Attorney's Office, and the San Francisco District Attorney's Office investigated the attack.San Francisco District Attorney Brooke Jenkins said that the attack appeared to be politically motivated based on statements and comments made by DePape on the night of the attack.After being Mirandized, DePape gave an interview to San Francisco Police Department officers in which he said he planned to hold Nancy hostage and that he saw her as the "leader of the pack" of lies told by the Democratic Party. He said that he considered himself to be fighting "tyranny" and likened himself to the American founding fathers. DePape told the police that he planned to kidnap and interrogate Nancy, and would break her kneecaps if she "lied" to him, believing that by doing so, "she would then have to be wheeled into Congress" as a "warning" to other members of Congress. He also told police that he was on a "suicide mission" and had additional targets in mind, naming California Governor Gavin Newsom, actor Tom Hanks, and Hunter Biden as prospective targets.The day after the attack, pursuant to a federal search warrant, investigators searched the garage in Richmond, California where DePape had lived for the previous two years. Investigators reported seizing "two hammers, a sword, and a pair of rubber and cloth gloves" from the property.Before the attack, DePape was not known to USCP and was not on any federal watchlist. USCP had access to security cameras outside the Pelosi home; the cameras—part of a network of approximately 1,800 cameras to which USCP has access—were installed eight years before the attack. The footage captured the assailant breaking the glass and entering the home. However, at the time of the attack, the USCP did not monitor the external video footage in real time when Speaker Pelosi was not home. Although Pelosi received more violent threats than any other lawmaker (and, as speaker, she was accompanied by a security detail when traveling), her home did not receive round-the-clock live protection.


== Perpetrator ==
Canadian citizen David Wayne DePape (born 1980), age 42, was arrested at the scene of the attack.


=== Life prior to the attack ===
DePape grew up in Powell River, British Columbia. At the time of the attack, he was present in the United States illegally, having overstayed his six-month temporary visitor visa issued in March 2008 when he entered at San Ysidro.Shortly after finishing high school in Armstrong, he had migrated to the U.S. in 2000. In Hawaii, DePape met Gypsy Taub and moved with her to California. He became estranged from his family around that time. As Taub went on to become one the most prominent faces of the 2013 San Francisco public nudity movement, DePape remained a significant associate. Scott Wiener – a city supervisor in 2013, and later a state senator – described Taub and DePape as being part of a subgroup of "extremely aggressive and creepy" public nudists though DePape never appeared nude in public on grounds of being uncomfortable.Taub claims to have broken up with DePape in 2009; since then, his mental health had allegedly deteriorated from drug abuse and other causes. Taub described an incident from 2010 when DePape returned home after about a year of being incognito, identifying with Jesus, and exhibiting extreme paranoia. One acquaintance claimed to have had to cut off contact with DePape in 2012 after he displayed megalomaniac behavior and sent her multiple emails likening himself to Jesus Christ. Nonetheless, he remained part of Taub's circle and would even be the groomsman during her wedding in 2013; he continued to live in the same house with Taub, her spouse, and her three children. They rekindled their relationship at some point but "broke up" for good in 2015. DePape shifted out and was homeless for a while; however, DePape and Taub remained intermittently in contact until Taub's incarceration.At the time of the attack, he had been a resident of Richmond, California, for three years, living in a rented garage next to a home. In the six years prior to his arrest, he worked as a helper for a patio deck builder.


=== Social media activity ===
In 2007, DePape started a personal blog, initially writing about topics such as spirituality and ibogaine. In the months before the attack, DePape resumed writing on his blog after a long hiatus, this time on conspiracy theories and alt-right politics. In posts on social media and at least two blogs, DePape espoused far-right views, promoting QAnon, Pizzagate, and other far-right conspiracy theories, as well as sharing far-right Internet memes.In 2021, DePape had posted videos by My Pillow CEO Mike Lindell that falsely claimed the 2020 U.S. presidential election to have been stolen; throughout 2022, he linked to COVID-19 vaccine misinformation videos – claiming that the vaccines were deadly and that data was covered up – and alleged that George Floyd had died of a drug overdose rather than being murdered by former officer Derek Chauvin. He credited Gamergate for making him shift in 2014 to right-wing politics. He also expressed a fascination for conservative authors Jordan Peterson and James A. Lindsay. One month before the attack, a website written under DePape's name declared that any journalist who challenged Trump's election fraud claims "should be dragged straight out into the street and shot". DePape also attacked Jews, immigrants, people of color, women, LGBTQ people, social justice warriors, Catholics, and Muslims. He promoted a range of antisemitic conspiracy theories, including proclaiming the innocence of Adolf Hitler, denying the Holocaust, and accusing Jews of orchestrating the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. His online posts were also often delusional, once attacking Jesus as "the antichrist" and included references to communication with invisible fairies and the occult. His last post, published a day before the attack, was titled "Why Colleges are becoming Cults".Party affiliation records note DePape to be a Green Party member as of 2014; according to Taub, he was "more on the far left than the far right" during their relationship. Experts on extremism and terrorism say that such shifts in views – from left-wing fringe movements to the far-right – can be held as "side switching", a fairly common phenomenon among persons who are radicalized online, who shift between "mutually exclusive or hostile ideologies" through "bridging areas" such as antisemitism, anti-government stance, and misogynist beliefs.


== State and federal prosecution ==
On October 31, federal prosecutors charged DePape with "attempted kidnapping of a federal official in the performance of official duties" and "assaulting an immediate member of a federal official's family and inflicting a serious injury with a dangerous weapon", On November 9, a federal grand jury indicted him on the same two charges. On November 3, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement lodged an immigration detainer on DePape, intending on taking custody of DePape after he is released from custody and make it possible to deport him.On October 31, the San Francisco District Attorney's Office filed state charges against DePape, including six felonies: attempted murder, residential burglary, elder abuse, assault with a deadly weapon, false imprisonment of an elder, and threatening the family member of public official. If convicted of all state charges, DePape faces a sentence of between 13 years and life imprisonment. On November 4, he was denied bail. A preliminary hearing was heard December 14.DePape pleaded not guilty to both the federal and state charges.On January 26, 2023, video and audio recordings of the attack were publicly shown in a preliminary court hearing in San Francisco Superior Court. The court ordered the district attorney's office to release the materials, granting a motion filed by a coalition of news organizations seeking release. The released files include the audio recording of police's interview of DePape; the recording of the 911 call Pelosi made during the attack; and home surveillance video showing DePape breaking into the back of the house with repeated hammer blows.


=== Federal trial ===
DePape's federal trial began on November 9, 2023. In their opening statement, DePape's defense lawyers admitted that he carried out the attack, but arguing that he was motivated by his belief in conspiracy theories rather than Pelosi's position as speaker.Witnesses who gave evidence at the trial included the San Francisco police officers who responded to the scene, FBI agents, and Capitol Police officers; Paul Pelosi, who testified about the attack, his recovery, and the lingering effects on his injuries; and the neurosurgeon who conducted surgery on Pelosi after the attack.DePape himself also chose to testify. He admitted that he had attacked Paul Pelosi, saying that Speaker Pelosi (and not her husband) was his actual target. He admitted hitting Pelosi "with full force" using the hammer. DePape testified that he had been radicalized beginning in 2014, when he became interested in the Gamergate and started listening to right-wing podcasters, and "culture war stuff" on YouTube in his spare time. He testified that he frequently listened to James A. Lindsay, Glenn Beck, Tim Pool, and Jimmy Dore. He recalled listening to podcasts and YouTube videos for at least six hours a day on weekdays and for entire weekends. Influenced by QAnon-like conspiracy theories, DePape ultimately plotted a "grand plan" to lure "targets"—including political figures Gavin Newsom, Adam Schiff, Mike Pence, Bill Barr, Bernie Sanders, and George Soros, actor Tom Hanks, and university professor Gayle Rubin—to the Pelosi residence. He testified that he believed the mainstream media "were all lying about Trump"; that he planned to wear a unicorn costume while "interrogating" Speaker Pelosi, and then posting the video to the Internet; and that he planned to ultimately target Hunter Biden, the president's son. DePape testified that he was "surprised and confused" to find that Speaker Pelosi was not at home and considered his plans to be "basically ruined" at that point.On November 16, the jury found DePape guilty of both federal counts.


=== State trial ===
DePape's trial in state court will follow the federal trial. Evidence admissible in the state case includes the police body camera footage of the attack, DePape's confession to police, and his "rambling and conspiracy-filled testimony" from his federal trial.


== Reactions ==
President Joe Biden expressed support for the Pelosi family and said there was too much political violence, hatred, and vitriol. Biden compared the attack on Paul Pelosi with the January 6 Capitol attack and said Republicans talking about "stolen elections" and "COVID being a hoax" may "affect people who may not be so well balanced." Vice President Kamala Harris blamed the current political climate for inspiring the attack. California Governor Gavin Newsom said the "heinous attack" on Pelosi was "yet another example of the dangerous consequences of the divisive and hateful rhetoric that is putting lives at risk and undermining our very democracy." San Francisco Mayor London Breed called the attack a "horrific and scary incident", offering her support to Pelosi's family and thanking the first responders. The attack and broader concerns of violence and threats prompted calls from members of Congress to increase security.The attack on Pelosi was condemned by Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (who called it "a dastardly act"); Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (who said that the assault "horrified and disgusted" him); by House Minority Whip Steve Scalise (who was seriously wounded in the 2017 congressional baseball shooting, and who called the attack on Pelosi "horrific"); House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy, and Senate Minority Whip John Thune.Republican officials sent mixed messages on the attack, prompting criticism from Democrats. Many Republicans denounced the attack, though others spread conspiracy theories about it. Some Republicans who condemned the attack issued statements criticizing "both sides" for violent rhetoric and political violence. Few Republicans spoke out against colleagues who spread conspiracy theories before the attack on Pelosi, or who promoted conspiracy theories about the attack itself. Top Republican officials, such as Republican National Committee Chair Ronna McDaniel and National Republican Congressional Committee Chair Tom Emmer, rejected assertions that inflammatory Republican rhetoric, including vilification of Nancy Pelosi, contributed to an atmosphere that risked violence. A week before the attack, Emmer posted a video of himself firing a gun with the hashtag #FirePelosi; after the attack, he deflected a question asking if he should have used a gun in the ad. Some Republicans made jokes about the attack. Glenn Youngkin, the Republican governor of Virginia, said "There's no room for violence anywhere, but we're gonna send Nancy Pelosi back to be with him in California", a remark that attracted controversy. Afterwards, Youngkin sent a handwritten apology to Speaker Pelosi's office, which she accepted.Former Republican National Committee communications strategist Doug Heye expressed concern that intense rhetoric against Nancy Pelosi and other politicians had reached the point of inspiring violence. Heye noted his past role in rhetoric against Nancy Pelosi, having been heavily involved in the Republican National Committee's "Fire Pelosi" campaign ahead of the 2010 House elections.Speaker Pelosi later commented that the Republican Party's performance in the 2022 midterms elections, widely described as a disappointment for the Republicans, was partly due to voters being turned off at what she described as their "horrible response" to the attack.


=== Misinformation and disinformation ===
Prominent right-wing figures shared misinformation and disinformation about the attack. Within days of the attack, such claims had spread among the Republican mainstream. The New York Times noted that the claims "appeared intended to deflect attention from Mr. DePape's views." Right-wing figures who spread misinformation about the attack included Roger Stone, Dinesh D'Souza, and Steve Bannon, all of whom implied that the attack could be a "false flag".Some of the lies that circulated about the attack on Pelosi were based on homophobia, by implying that DePape and Pelosi were somehow sexually involved. Elon Musk shared a tweet with an article from a right-wing fake news website, falsely suggesting that the attack resulted from a drunken Paul Pelosi having a fight with a male prostitute. Musk deleted his tweet hours later, after it had amassed 24,000 retweets and 86,000 likes.Republican congressman Clay Higgins (of Louisiana) and Republican congresswomen Marjorie Taylor Greene (of Georgia) and Claudia Tenney (of New York), as well as Donald Trump Jr. and David Clarke Jr., all disseminated other false claims about the attack, such as claims that Pelosi knew the attacker or was involved in male prostitution. Referring to various conspiracies, conservative talk radio host Charlie Kirk called for an "amazing patriot" from among his audience to "be a midterm hero" by deciding to "bail out" DePape "and then go ask him some questions". Days after the attack, former president Donald Trump also spread false conspiracy theories about the attack, suggesting it could have been staged. Some right-wing pundits depicted the attack on Pelosi as a random crime, blaming Democrats for it, rather than a targeted assault. Some spreaders of misinformation seized on early inaccurate reporting by some news outlets in the immediate aftermath of the attack; despite the outlets providing corrections, these reports fueled baseless conspiracy theories that went viral online and in right-wing circles. Trump Jr. responded to a tweet making fun of Pelosi about a Halloween "costume" of just a hammer and a pair of white briefs.Philip Bump, a columnist for The Washington Post, wrote that misinformed narratives about the event either focused on "what Democrats are doing wrong, instead of having to talk about where right-wing rhetoric is problematic" or portrayed "Democratic leaders not as actual targets of violence but, instead, as the real wrongdoers." Bump wrote that these false narratives gained popularity among right-wing users on social media, where there was "an audience for extreme conspiracy theories"; "an infrastructure for vetting and promoting them"; and "very little interest in self-correcting".


== Notes ==


== References ==


== Further reading ==
United States v. David Wayne DePape - case documents from the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California
Zhu Yuchen (Chinese: 朱玉辰; pinyin: Zhū Yùchén; born 1961 in Kuandian, Liaoning Province, Manchu), also known as Eugene Zhu, is a Chinese business executive and one of the explorers and founders of the Chinese futures market. He is the former CEO of Dalian Commodity Exchange (DCE) and China Financial Futures Exchange (CFFEX). He is also the former Chairman of the China Futures Association (CFA).


== Career ==
Following his tenure with Ministry of Commerce of the People's Republic of China (MOFCOM), Zhu Yuchen joined China Grain Trading Company in 1990, as the director of the National Grains Wholesale Market Management Office.  From 1992 to 1996, he served as the Deputy CEO of China International Futures Co. Ltd. (CIFCO); Chairman & CEO of Shanghai CIFCO Futures Brokerage Co. Ltd; and CEO of Shenzhen CIFCO.Since 1996, he served as the CEO and Communist Party Secretary of Dalian Commodity Exchange (DCE) for 10 years. During the term of service, he received his Ph.D. degree in Economics from Wuhan University in 1998. Under Zhu’s leadership, DCE expanded into the largest commodity futures marketplace in China. As recorded by World Federation of Exchanges (WFE), DCE was ranked the largest commodity futures exchange in 2015 by trading volume.In 2006, he was appointed as the CEO of China Financial Futures Exchange (CFFEX), where he oversaw the preparation, launch and operation of the first stock index futures contracts in China (i.e. CSI 300 Index futures contract).  According to WFE, CFFEX was ranked the 3rd largest exchange globally in 2015 by the trading volume of stock index futures.In August 2012, Zhu Yuchen was appointed as the Vice Chairman, CEO, and deputy Communist Party Secretary of Shanghai Pudong Development Bank (SPD Bank, SH.600000).  At the end of 2012 when he assumed this position, investment banking business was initiated as one of the key development strategies to drive the bank’s business transformation. Since 2013, investment banking, wealth management and treasury & markets became the three fastest growing business segments for SPD Bank.  SPD Bank was ranked 35th in Top 1000 World Banks in 2015 by "The Banker" in terms of tier I capital.Zhu Yuchen has been a member of the National People's Congress since 2008. He was elected as the delegate to the 10th and 11th National People's Congress (NPC) and the delegate to the 12th National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC).


== Education and early life ==
Zhu Yuchen obtained his BA degree in Economics from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics in 1983.  After graduation, he worked as a senior officer for two years in the Purchase & Sale Division, Oil and Fats Bureau, MOFCOM. He returned to Dongbei University of Finance and Economics in 1985 and received his MA degree in Economics in 1987.Eugene continued his career in MOFCOM in 1987, as the Secretary of the General Management Office, and then moved to the Policy Research Department as a Vice Director in 1988.  During this tenure, he spent one year in Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME) and Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT) as a visiting researcher.


== References ==
Aarno Henrik Maliniemi (surname until 1930 Malin; 9 May 1892 – 8 October 1972) was a Finnish historian, professor in church history at Helsinki University 1945–1960.
Maliniemi was an expert on the medieval church. He studied early Finnish literature, and was editor of a number of publications and bibliographies.
Maliniemi was born in Oulu. He was awarded a doctor honoris causa by University of Uppsala in 1952 and by University of St Andrews in 1960. He died in Helsinki, aged 80.


== Bibliography ==
Der Heiligenkalender Finnlands (1925)
Studier i Vadstena klosters bibliotek (1926)
S.G. Elmgrenin muistiinpanot (1939)
De Sancto Henrico (1942)
Birgittalaisuudesta sekä kohtia Naantalin luostarin historiasta (1943)
Zur Kenntnis des Breviarium Aboense (1957)


== References ==


== External links ==
Biografiakeskus: Photo Aarno Maliniemi
Treboje is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.


== Demographics ==
According to the 2013 census, its population was 141.


== References ==
Ghos Bakhsh Khan Mahar (Urdu: غوث بخش خان مہر; born 27 October 1945) is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from August 2018 till August 2023. Previously he was a member of the National Assembly from 2002 to May 2018.


== Early life ==
He was born on 27 October 1945.


== Political career ==
He was a member of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh from Constituency PS-7 (Sukkur) from March 1977 to July 1977.He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q) from Constituency NA-203 (Shikarpur-II) in 2002 Pakistani general election. He received 61,432 votes and defeated Agha Arsalan Khan, a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP). In the same election, he was re-elected to the Provincial Assembly of Sindh as a candidate of PML-Q from Constituency PS-10 (Shikarpur -II). He received 38,321 votes and defeated Shabir Khan Mahar, a candidate of PPP.He was re-elected to the National Assembly as a candidate of PML-Q from Constituency NA-203 (Shikarpur-cum-Sukkur-cum-Larkana) in 2008 Pakistani general election. He received 89,921 votes and defeated Sardar Wahid Bux Bhayo, a candidate of PPP.He was re-elected to the National Assembly as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (F) (PML-F) from Constituency NA-203 (Shikarpur-cum-Sukkur-cum-Larkana) in 2013 Pakistani general election. He received 77,065 votes and defeated Sardar Wahid Bux Bhayo, a candidate of PPP.He was re-elected to the National Assembly as a candidate of Grand Democratic Alliance (GDA) from Constituency NA-199 (Shikarpur-II) in 2018 Pakistani general election.


== References ==
The fiery squirrel (Sciurus flammifer) is a rodent in the family Sciuridae. The taxon is endemic to the area south of the Orinoco River in the state of Bolívar, Venezuela.


== Taxonomy ==
In 2015 de Vivo & Carmignotto reduced this taxon to a subspecies of Hadrosciurus igniventris.The taxon was first described as a species in 1904 by Michael Rogers Oldfield Thomas. In 1914 Joel Asaph Allen designated it as the type species for his new monotypic genus Hadrosciurus. In 1927 Oldfield Thomas subsumed Hadrosciurus to a subgenus of Sciurus. In 1928 Oldfield Thomas reduced subgenus Urosciurus into synonymy with subgenus Hadrosciurus, and moved Urosciurus pyrrhinus and U. igniventris to Hadrosciurus. In 1940 Ellerman moved the new additions to subgenus Hadrosciurus to subgenus Guerlinguetus, returning it to monotypy. In 1959 Moore raised subgenus Guerlinguetus to the rank of genus in which he included all larger South American squirrels, and moved the monotypic subgenus Hadrosciurus from genus Sciurus to Guerlinguetus, including the Urosciurus species in subgenus Hadrosciurus. Cabrera (posthumously) in 1961 used Oldfield Thomas's taxonomic interpretation. Moore was not as widely followed as Cabrera. In 2005 Thorington & Hoffmann used Urosciurus, mistakenly attributing Moore, although it was Patton who resurrected Urosciurus in 1984. Cranial studies by Hershkovitz in 1959 and especially Patton in 1984 give credence to splitting these squirrels from Sciurus.


== Description ==
This is a large tree squirrel up to 60 cm long from head to tail. The back is black, the hairs heavily tinged with streaks of pale yellow to orange, with orange to red limbs, an orange tail, and a white abdomen. It has conspicuous pale orange patches of fur behind the ears.


== Distribution ==
The taxon occurs in Venezuela in the state of Bolívar south of the Orinoco River. Published sources disagree regarding the precise distribution: Thorington & Hoffman state it is found south of the Orinoco from the Colombian border to Ciudad Bolívar at the confluence of the Río Caroní into the Orinoco (thus east of the Caroní), whereas de Vivo & Carmignotto give it south of the Orinoco and to the west of the Río Caroní to the Guyana border, to the Brazilian border at the Serra de Pacaraima. Both may be correct; specimens have been collected in the municipalities of Cedeño (Caura River near La Union, Mocho River, Suapure), Gran Sabana (19 Km NE Icabaru in the Pacaraima), Heres (Ciudad Bolívar), and Sucre (El Yagual).


== Habitat and Behaviour ==
It is likely found in closed-canopy lowland rainforest, either primary old-growth woodland as well as disturbed secondary growth, in the southern part of the upper Orinoco drainage.The behaviour of this particular taxon is presumably similar to Hadrosciurus igniventris ssp. igniventris; diurnal, territorial and solitary, arboreal and found at all heights from canopy to ground level, building large and well-hidden spherical nests in trees, and feeding on the large nuts of Attalea palm, as well as other tree nuts, fruit, and beetle grubs.


== Similar species ==
The range is not sympatric with other large squirrels. Hadrosciurus igniventris ssp. igniventris, which occurs to the south and east of its range and is most similar to it, is distinguished by having a red abdomen and lacking conspicuous lighter-coloured patches of fur behind the ears. Hadrosciurus igniventris ssp. cocalis has a yellowish-orange abdomen and has conspicuous orange patches behind the ears.


== Conservation ==
Baillie writing in 1996 for the IUCN rated it as Lower Risk/least concern. In the latest assessment for the IUCN by Amori, Koprowski & Roth in 2008 the largely unknown taxon was given a Data Deficient rating, although they mention their concern due to its restricted range and the effects of deforestation.


== References ==
The qualification phase of the 2017 Africa U-17 Cup of Nations decided the participating teams of the final tournament. A total of eight teams played in the final tournament, hosted by Gabon.
The draws were conducted during the CAF Executive Committee meeting held on Friday, 5 February 2016 in Kigali, Rwanda.


== Participants ==
Note: Madagascar were originally to qualify automatically as hosts, but had their hosting rights withdrawn and were replaced by Gabon (which played in the qualifiers and were eliminated in the third round).


== Format ==
Qualification ties were played on a home-and-away two-legged basis. If the aggregate score was tied after the second leg, the away goals rule would be applied, and if still level, the penalty shoot-out would be used to determine the winner (no extra time would be played).The seven winners of the third round qualified for the final tournament.


== First round ==
The first legs are scheduled for 24–26 June 2016, and the second legs are scheduled for 1–3 July 2016.

Ghana advanced after Liberia withdrew.

Benin advanced after Sierra Leone withdrew.

4–4 on aggregate. Algeria won on away goals.

Chad advanced after DR Congo withdrew.

Morocco won 2–1 on aggregate.

Sudan won 16–0 on aggregate.

Kenya advanced after Malawi withdrew.

Tanzania won 9–0 on aggregate.

2–2 on aggregate. Namibia won on away goals.

Mauritius advanced after Lesotho withdrew.

Comoros advanced after Zimbabwe withdrew.


== Second round ==
The first legs are scheduled for 5–7 August 2016, and the second legs are scheduled for 19–21 August 2016.

Ghana won 6–5 on aggregate.

Ivory Coast won 4–2 on aggregate.

Niger won 3–2 on aggregate.

Gabon won 1–0 on aggregate.

Mali advanced after Chad withdrew from the second leg.

Ethiopia won 5–2 on aggregate.

Senegal won 6–4 on aggregate.

2–2 on aggregate. Guinea won 3–2 on penalties.

Sudan won 2–0 on aggregate.

Cameroon won 9–1 on aggregate.

Tanzania won 3–1 on aggregate.

Congo won 5–1 on aggregate.

Angola won 4–0 on aggregate.

Comoros won 5–1 on aggregate.


== Third round ==
The first legs were scheduled for 16–18 September 2016, and the second legs were scheduled for 30 September – 2 October 2016.Winners Qualify for the 2017 Africa U-17 Cup of Nations.

Ghana won 3–1 on aggregate.

Niger won 4–3 on aggregate.

Mali won 4–1 on aggregate.

Guinea won 2–1 on aggregate.

Cameroon won 7–5 on aggregate.

3–3 on aggregate. Congo won on away goals.
Later Congo were disqualified from the main tournament as a player failed to show up magnetic resonance imaging test, and therefore Tanzania are qualified instead.

Angola won 7–0 on aggregate.


== References ==


== External links ==
12th Edition Of The U-17 Africa Cup Of Nations, Madagascar 2017, CAFonline.com
Steriphopus lacertosus is a species of spider in the family Palpimanidae. The species is listed as critically endangered (possibly extinct).


== References ==
Saint-Didier-de-la-Tour (French pronunciation: [sɛ̃ didje də la tuʁ], literally Saint-Didier of La Tour) is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France. It is often referred to as "La Cassôla", after a spring in the village, which has heavily coloured waters.
Until the First World War, lignite mines were exploited near the village, employing over 600 people.


== Geography ==
The Bourbre forms part of the commune's northeastern border.


== Population ==


== See also ==
Communes of the Isère department


== References ==
Moses Chavula (born 8 August 1985) is a Malawian footballer who plays as a defender for ENH de Vilankulos.
A longtime member of the Malawi national football team, Chavula has competed for his national team since 2003. Chavula is a left-footed player and plays as left-back for his team and Malawi.


== References ==
Hiram Abiff Imus Jr. (New Milford, 1804 – Santa Cruz, California 4 October 1876), was an American politician. He served as a member of the 1859-1860 California State Assembly, representing the 3rd District.Hiram Abiff Imus Jr. was the son of Hiram Abiff Imus. He was married to Eliza Jane Collins and had 12 children. He is buried at Evergreen Cemetery in Santa Cruz.


== References ==
Kigango (plural: vigango) is a carved wooden memorial statue erected by the Mijikenda peoples of the southeastern Kenya coast. The vigango, which can be stylized, abstracted human-form effigies and are placed vertically rising out of the earth, honor a dead member of the secret Gohu society, or the "Society of the Blessed".They were traditionally allowed to stand until they naturally decomposed, or they were abandoned and replaced at subsequent village locations by a second generation figure known as a kibao (plural: vibao), thereby transferring away whatever spiritual power was thought to remain from the original kigango. This was a natural result of the Mijikenda's centuries old practice of slash and burn agriculture and, subsequently, the periodic changing of village locations. 
The hard-wood kigango is approximately life-size and may have been painted. Vigango have been celebrated and collected by artists and collectors around the world, including Andy Warhol. Numerous vigango are now in U.S. museums, although some were discovered to have been stolen and were returned to Kenya. However, vigango were openly and legally for sale from reputable art galleries and curio shops in Kenya from the early 1970s until at least the mid-1990s. Anthropologist Monica Udvardy of the University of Kentucky has been particularly active in writing about theft of vigango and their repatriation from US and European museums.In July 2023, the Illinois State Museum  returned 37 wooden memorial statues, known as vigango, to the National Museums of Kenya for repatriation to Mijikenda communities. These statues are considered sacred cultural objects and are believed to carry the spirits of male elders who have passed away.


== References ==


== External links ==
Looted memorial statues returned to Kenyan family by MONICA UDVARDY AND LINDA GILES
Tim Mayotte was the defending champion but lost in the semifinals to Brad Gilbert.
Amos Mansdorf won in the final 6–3, 6–2, 6–3 against Gilbert.


== Seeds ==
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.


== Draw ==


=== Key ===

NB: The Final was the best of 5 sets while all other rounds were the best of 3 sets.


=== Final ===


=== Section 1 ===


=== Section 2 ===


== External links ==
1988 Paris Open Draw
Esophageal rupture  is a rupture of the esophageal wall. Iatrogenic causes account for approximately 56% of esophageal perforations, usually due to medical instrumentation such as an endoscopy or paraesophageal surgery. The 10% of esophageal perforations caused specifically by vomiting are termed Boerhaave syndrome.Spontaneous perforation of the esophagus is most commonly  a full-thickness tear in the esophageal wall due to a sudden increase in intraesophageal pressure combined with relatively negative intrathoracic pressure caused by straining or vomiting (effort rupture of the esophagus or Boerhaave's syndrome). Other causes of spontaneous perforation include caustic ingestion, pill esophagitis, Barrett's esophagus, infectious ulcers in patients with AIDS, and following dilation of esophageal strictures.In most cases of Boerhaave's syndrome, the tear occurs at the left postero-lateral aspect of the distal esophagus and extends for several centimeters. The condition is associated with high morbidity and mortality and is fatal without treatment. The occasionally nonspecific nature of the symptoms may contribute to a delay in diagnosis and a poor outcome. Spontaneous effort rupture of the cervical esophagus, leading to localized cervical perforation, may be more common than previously recognized and has a generally benign course. Pre-existing esophageal disease is not a prerequisite for esophageal perforation, but it contributes to increased mortality.This condition was first documented by the 18th-century physician Herman Boerhaave, after whom it is named. A related condition is Mallory-Weiss syndrome which is only a mucosal tear.
A common site of iatrogenic perforation  is the cervical esophagus just above the upper sphincter, whereas spontaneous rupture as seen in Boerhaave's syndrome perforation commonly occurs in the lower third of the esophagus.


== Signs and symptoms ==
The classic history of esophageal rupture is one of severe retching and vomiting followed by excruciating retrosternal chest and upper abdominal pain. Odynophagia, tachypnea, dyspnea, cyanosis, fever, and shock develop rapidly thereafter.Physical examination is usually not helpful, particularly early in the course.  Subcutaneous emphysema (crepitation) is an important diagnostic finding but is not very sensitive, being present in only 9 of 34 patients (27 percent) in one series. A pleural effusion may be detected.Mackler's triad includes chest pain, vomiting, and subcutaneous emphysema, and while it is a classical presentation, it is only present in 14% of people.Pain can occasionally radiate to the left shoulder, causing physicians to confuse an esophageal perforation with a myocardial infarction.It may also be audibly recognized as Hamman's sign.


== Pathophysiology ==
Esophageal rupture,  in Boerhaave syndrome, is thought to be the result of a sudden rise in internal esophageal pressure produced during vomiting, as a result of neuromuscular incoordination causing failure of the cricopharyngeus muscle (a sphincter within the pharynx) to relax. As the intra-oesophageal pressure increases, the bolus within the oesophagus has nowhere to go superiorly (as the cricopharyngeus fails to relax) which causes the oesophagus to rupture.   The syndrome is commonly associated with the consumption of excessive food and/or alcohol as well as eating disorders such as bulimia.The most common anatomical location of the tear in Boerhaave syndrome is at  left posterolateral wall  of the lower third of the esophagus, 2–3 cm before the stomach.Currently, the most common cause of esophageal perforation is iatrogenic. However, iatrogenic perforations, while still constituting a serious medical condition, are easier to treat and less prone to complications, particularly mediastinitis and sepsis. This is because they usually do not involve contamination of the mediastinum with gastric contents.


== Diagnosis ==
The diagnosis of Boerhaave's syndrome is suggested on the plain chest radiography and confirmed by chest CT scan. The initial plain chest radiograph is almost always abnormal in patients with Boerhaave's syndrome and usually reveals mediastinal or free peritoneal air as the initial radiologic manifestation. With cervical esophageal perforations, plain films of the neck show air in the soft tissues of the prevertebral space.Hours to days later, pleural effusion(s) with or without pneumothorax, widened mediastinum, and subcutaneous emphysema is typically seen. CT scan may show esophageal wall edema and thickening, extraesophageal air, periesophageal fluid with or without gas bubbles, mediastinal widening, and air and fluid in the pleural spaces, retroperitoneum or lesser sac.The diagnosis of esophageal perforation could also be confirmed by water-soluble contrast esophagram (Gastrografin), which reveals the location and extent of extravasation of contrast material. Although barium is superior in demonstrating small perforations, the spillage of barium sulfate into the mediastinal and pleural cavities can cause an inflammatory response and subsequent fibrosis and is therefore not used as the primary diagnostic study. If, however, the water-soluble study is negative, a barium study should be performed for better definition.Endoscopy has no role in the diagnosis of spontaneous esophageal perforation. Both the endoscope and insufflation of air can extend the perforation and introduce air into the mediastinum.Patients may also have a pleural effusion high in amylase (from saliva), low pH, and may contain particles of food.


=== Differential diagnosis ===
Common misdiagnoses include myocardial infarction, pancreatitis, lung abscess, pericarditis, and spontaneous pneumothorax. If esophageal perforation is suspected, even in the absence of physical findings, chest xray, water soluble contrast radiographic studies of the esophagus and a CT scan should be promptly obtained.  In most cases, non-operative management is administered based on radiological evidence contained in mediastinal collection.


== Treatment ==
With the exception of a few case reports describing survival without surgery, the mortality of untreated Boerhaave syndrome is  100%. With surgical intervention, the mortality rate decreases to 30%. Its treatment includes immediate antibiotic therapy to prevent mediastinitis and sepsis, surgical repair of the perforation, and if there is significant fluid loss it should be replaced with IV fluid therapy since oral rehydration is not possible.  Even with early surgical intervention (within 24 hours) the risk of death is 25%.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Radiology  Esophageal rupture
Arens, Ann; Ben-Youssef, Leila; Hayashi, Sandra; Smollin, Craig (2016). "Esophageal Rupture After Ghost Pepper Ingestion". The Journal of Emergency Medicine. 51 (6): e141–e143. doi:10.1016/j.jemermed.2016.05.061. PMID 27693067.
Henderson, John A.M.; Péloquin, AndréJ.M. (1989). "Boerhaave revisited: Spontaneous esophageal perforation as a diagnostic masquerader". The American Journal of Medicine. 86 (5): 559–67. doi:10.1016/0002-9343(89)90385-9. PMID 2653030.
Larrieu, AJ; Kieffer, R (1975). "Boerhaave syndrome: report of a case treated non-operatively". Annals of Surgery. 181 (4): 452–4. doi:10.1097/00000658-197504000-00015. PMC 1343787. PMID 1130863.
Patton, Anthony S.; Lawson, Dexter W.; Shannon, James M.; Risley, Thomas S.; Bixby, Frank E. (1979). "Reevaluation of the Boerhaave syndrome". The American Journal of Surgery. 137 (4): 560–5. doi:10.1016/0002-9610(79)90131-4. PMID 426207.
Ivey, Tom D.; Simonowitz, David A.; Dillard, David H.; Miller, Donald W. (1981). "Boerhaave syndrome". The American Journal of Surgery. 141 (5): 531–3. doi:10.1016/0002-9610(81)90040-4. PMID 6784584.


== External links ==
The Capitol Hill mystery soda machine was a vending machine in Capitol Hill, Seattle, notable for its "mystery" buttons which dispensed unusual drink flavors. It is unknown who restocked the machine, which originally caused the development of a local legend that the machine was haunted, and later an enduring legacy of "cultural fascination". The machine reportedly operated from the late 1990s until its unexplained disappearance in 2018.


== Description ==
The machine was located in front of Broadway Locksmith on East John Street in Seattle, Washington. It was a 1970s-made Coca-Cola-branded unit, but dispensed drinks from various manufacturers. A drink could be chosen using one of the "mystery" buttons and the dispensed drinks were typically of unusual flavor varieties, some of which were no longer being manufactured. Broadway Locksmith provided electricity to power the machine, and though rumors existed about the business's possible involvement with the perpetuation of the mystery, employees maintain that they have no knowledge of who operated or restocked the machine. The machine has a Facebook page which is followed by over 34,000 people as of August 2023.


== History ==
According to Seattle Met and The Seattle Times, the machine was in operation since at least the late 1990s. In 2002, the drinks were priced at $0.55, and the machine had only one "mystery" button alongside five that were labeled normally. After receiving exposure in news publications, all six were gradually changed to "mystery" buttons. A local legend that the machine was haunted began to develop, which Hilary Pollack of Vice attributes to its nostalgic 1970s-era appearance, as well as its "unusual and even intimidating" presence along the sidewalk. According to Zosha Millman of the Seattle Post-Intelligencer, a "cultural fascination" with the machine developed.In 2012, a short film was produced taking inspiration from the mystery of the machine. In 2014, images posted online showed unidentified individuals restocking the machine. The same year, the cost for a drink increased to $0.75. In 2015, a spokeswoman told The Seattle Times that the city had no permits for the machine on record. In January 2018, the same month Seattle passed its sugary drink tax, the price rose to $1.00.On June 29, 2018, the machine disappeared following maintenance work done on the nearby bus stop and sidewalk, with a note left nearby reading "Went for a walk." A message was posted to the machine's Facebook page stating "Going for a walk, need to find myself. Maybe take a shower even." In the months following the machine's disappearance, the page posted several edited images of the machine in various locations, including the Space Needle and the Eagle sculpture. An employee of Broadway Locksmith noted that the machine "[had] to have been removed with care, and on purpose" due to the way it was connected to its electrical supply. In 2022, the page posted an image of the machine, appearing more damaged than before. In August 2023, an employee of Broadway Locksmith reaffirmed that the machine had not been sighted since its disappearance. Allison Williams of Seattle Met also notes that the neighborhood of Capitol Hill now has a more corporate culture, and doubts whether the area is "still weird enough for a persistent enigma".


== References ==


== External links ==

Mystery Soda Machine on Facebook
Madison Township is one of thirteen townships in Washington County, Indiana, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 705 and it contained 275 housing units.


== Geography ==
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of 26.09 square miles (67.6 km2), of which 26.04 square miles (67.4 km2) (or 99.81%) is land and 0.05 square miles (0.13 km2) (or 0.19%) is water.


=== Cities, towns, villages ===
Livonia


=== Adjacent townships ===
Vernon Township (north)
Howard Township (east)
Posey Township (southeast)
Southeast Township, Orange County (southwest)
Stampers Creek Township, Orange County (west)


=== Cemeteries ===
The township contains these four cemeteries: Livonia, Hardin, Providence and Sinking Spring.


== School districts ==
West Washington School Corporation


== Political districts ==
Indiana's 9th congressional district
State House District 73
State Senate District 44


== References ==
United States Census Bureau 2007 TIGER/Line Shapefiles
United States Board on Geographic Names (GNIS)
IndianaMap


== External links ==
Indiana Township Association
United Township Association of Indiana
Faust is the protagonist of a classic German legend based on the historical Johann Georg Faust (c. 1480–1540).
The erudite Faust is highly successful yet dissatisfied with his life, which leads him to make a pact with the Devil at a crossroads, exchanging his soul for unlimited knowledge and worldly pleasures. The Faust legend has been the basis for many literary, artistic, cinematic, and musical works that have reinterpreted it through the ages. "Faust" and the adjective "Faustian" imply sacrificing spiritual values for power, knowledge, or material gain.The Faust of early books—as well as the ballads, dramas, movies, and puppet-plays which grew out of them—is irrevocably damned because he prefers human knowledge over divine knowledge: "he laid the Holy Scriptures behind the door and under the bench, refused to be called doctor of theology, but preferred to be styled doctor of medicine". Plays and comic puppet theatre loosely based on this legend were popular throughout Germany in the 16th century, often reducing Faust and Mephistopheles to figures of vulgar fun. The story was popularised in England by Christopher Marlowe, who gave it a classic treatment in his play The Tragical History of Doctor Faustus (c. 1592). In Goethe's reworking of the story over two hundred years later, Faust becomes a dissatisfied intellectual who yearns for "more than earthly meat and drink" in his life.


== Summary of the story ==
Faust is unsatisfied with his life as a scholar and becomes depressed. After an attempt to take his own life, he calls on the Devil for further knowledge and magic powers with which to indulge all the pleasure and knowledge of the world. In response, the Devil's representative, Mephistopheles, appears. He makes a bargain with Faust: Mephistopheles will serve Faust with his magic powers for a set number of years, but at the end of the term, the Devil will claim Faust's soul, and Faust will be eternally enslaved.
During the term of the bargain, Faust makes use of Mephistopheles in various ways. In Goethe's drama, and many subsequent versions of the story, Mephistopheles helps Faust seduce a beautiful and innocent young woman, usually named Gretchen, whose life is ultimately destroyed when she gives birth to Faust's illegitimate son. Realizing this unholy act, she drowns the child and is sentenced to death for murder. However, Gretchen's innocence saves her in the end, and she enters Heaven. In Goethe's rendition, Faust is saved by God via his constant striving—in combination with Gretchen's pleadings with God in the form of the eternal feminine. However, in the early tales, Faust is irrevocably corrupted and believes his sins cannot be forgiven; when the term ends, the Devil carries him off to Hell.


== Sources ==
The tale of Faust bears many similarities to the Theophilus legend recorded in the 13th century writer Gautier de Coincy's Les Miracles de la Sainte Vierge. Here, a saintly figure makes a bargain with the keeper of the infernal world but is rescued from paying his debt to society through the mercy of the Blessed Virgin. A depiction of the scene in which he subordinates himself to the Devil appears on the north tympanum of the Cathedrale de Notre Dame de Paris.The origin of Faust's name and persona remains unclear. In the Historia Brittonum, Faustus is the offspring of an incestuous marriage between king Vortigern and Vortigern's own daughter.The character is ostensibly based on Johann Georg Faust (c. 1480–1540), a magician and alchemist probably from Knittlingen, Württemberg, who obtained a degree in divinity from Heidelberg University in 1509, but the legendary Faust has also been connected with Johann Fust (c. 1400–1466), Johann Gutenberg's business partner, which suggests that Fust is one of the multiple origins to the Faust story.
Scholars such as Frank Baron and Leo Ruickbie contest many of these previous assumptions.The character in Polish folklore named Pan Twardowski (Sir Twardowski in English) presents similarities with Faust. The Polish story seems to have originated at roughly the same time as its German counterpart, yet it is unclear whether the two tales have a common origin or influenced each other. The historical Johann Georg Faust had studied in Kraków for a time and may have served as the inspiration for the character in the Polish legend.The first known printed source of the legend of Faust is a small chapbook bearing the title Historia von D. Johann Fausten, published in 1587. The book was re-edited and borrowed from throughout the 16th century. Other similar books of that period include:

Das Wagnerbuch (1593)
Das Widmann'sche Faustbuch (1599)
Dr. Fausts großer und gewaltiger Höllenzwang (Frankfurt 1609)
Dr. Johannes Faust, Magia naturalis et innaturalis (Passau 1612)
Das Pfitzer'sche Faustbuch (1674)
Dr. Fausts großer und gewaltiger Meergeist (Amsterdam 1692)
Das Wagnerbuch (1714)
Faustbuch des Christlich Meynenden (1725)The 1725 Faust chapbook was widely circulated and also read by the young Goethe.
Related tales about a pact between man and the Devil include the plays Mariken van Nieumeghen (Dutch, early 16th century, author unknown), Cenodoxus (German, early 17th century, by Jacob Bidermann) and The Countess Cathleen (Irish legend of unknown origin believed by some to be taken from the French play Les marchands d'âmes).


== Locations linked to the story ==
Staufen, a town in the extreme southwest of Germany, claims to be where Faust died (c. 1540); depictions appear on buildings, etc. The only historical source for this tradition is a passage in the Chronik der Grafen von Zimmern, which was written c. 1565, 25 years after Faust's presumed death. These chronicles are generally considered reliable, and in the 16th century there were still family ties between the lords of Staufen and the counts of Zimmern in nearby Donaueschingen.In Christopher Marlowe's original telling of the tale, Wittenburg—where Faust studied—was also written as Wertenberge. This has led to a measure of speculation as to precisely where his story is set. Some scholars suggest the Duchy of Württemberg; others suggest an allusion to Marlowe's own Cambridge (Gill, 2008, p. 5)


== Literary adaptations ==


=== Marlowe's Doctor Faustus ===
The early Faust chapbook, while in circulation in northern Germany, found its way to England, where in 1592 an English translation was published, The Historie of the Damnable Life, and Deserved Death of Doctor Iohn Faustus credited to a certain "P. F., Gent[leman]". Christopher Marlowe used this work as the basis for his more ambitious play, The Tragical History of Doctor Faustus (published c. 1604). Marlowe also borrowed from John Foxe's Book of Martyrs, on the exchanges between Pope Adrian VI and a rival pope.


=== Goethe's Faust ===

Another important version of the legend is the play Faust, written by the German author Johann Wolfgang von Goethe. The first part, which is the one more closely connected to the earlier legend, was published in 1808, the second posthumously in 1832.
Goethe's Faust complicates the simple Christian moral of the original legend. A hybrid between a play and an extended poem, Goethe's two-part "closet drama" is epic in scope. It gathers together references from Christian, medieval, Roman, eastern, and Hellenic poetry, philosophy, and literature.
The composition and refinement of Goethe's own version of the legend occupied him, off and on, for over sixty years. The final version, published after his death, is recognized as a great work of German literature.
The story concerns the fate of Faust in his quest for the true essence of life ("was die Welt im Innersten zusammenhält"). Frustrated with learning and the limits to his knowledge, power, and enjoyment of life, he attracts the attention of the Devil (represented by Mephistopheles), who makes a bet with Faust that he will be able to satisfy him. Faust is reluctant, believing this will never happen. This is a significant difference between Goethe's "Faust" and Marlowe's; Faust is not the one who suggests the wager.
In the first part, Mephistopheles leads Faust through experiences that culminate in a lustful relationship with Gretchen, an innocent young woman. Gretchen and her family are destroyed by Mephistopheles' deceptions and Faust's desires. Part one of the story ends in tragedy for Faust, as Gretchen is saved but Faust is left to grieve in shame.
The second part begins with the spirits of the earth forgiving Faust (and the rest of mankind) and progresses into allegorical poetry. Faust and his Devil pass through and manipulate the world of politics and the world of the classical gods, and meet with Helen of Troy (the personification of beauty). Finally, in anticipation of having tamed the forces of war and nature and created a place for a free people to live, Faust is happy and dies.
Mephistopheles tries to seize Faust's soul when he dies after this moment of happiness, but is frustrated and enraged when angels intervene due to God's grace. Though this grace is 'gratuitous' and does not condone Faust's frequent errors with Mephistopheles, the angels state that this grace can only occur because of Faust's unending striving and due to the intercession of the forgiving Gretchen. The final scene has Faust's soul carried to Heaven in the presence of God by the intercession of the "Virgin, Mother, Queen, ... Goddess kind forever... Eternal Womanhood". The woman is thus victorious over Mephistopheles, who had insisted at Faust's death that he would be consigned to "The Eternal Empty".


=== Mann's Doctor Faustus ===
Thomas Mann's 1947 Doktor Faustus: Das Leben des deutschen Tonsetzers Adrian Leverkühn, erzählt von einem Freunde adapts the Faust legend to a 20th-century context, documenting the life of fictional composer Adrian Leverkühn as analog and embodiment of the early 20th-century history of Germany and of Europe. The talented Leverkühn, after contracting venereal disease from a brothel visit, forms a pact with a Mephistophelean character to grant him 24 years of brilliance and success as a composer. He produces works of increasing beauty to universal acclaim, even while physical illness begins to corrupt his body. In 1930, when presenting his final masterwork (The Lamentation of Dr Faust), he confesses the pact he had made: madness and syphilis now overcome him, and he suffers a slow and total collapse until his death in 1940. Leverkühn's spiritual, mental, and physical collapse and degradation are mapped on to the period in which Nazism rose in Germany, and Leverkühn's fate is shown as that of the soul of Germany.


=== Benét's The Devil and Daniel Webster ===
Stephen Vincent Benét's short story "The Devil and Daniel Webster" published in 1937 is a retelling of the tale of Faust based on the short story "The Devil and Tom Walker", written by Washington Irving. Benet's version of the story centers on a New Hampshire farmer by the name of Jabez Stone who, plagued with unending bad luck, is approached by the devil under the name of Mr. Scratch who offers him seven years of prosperity in exchange for his soul. Jabez Stone is eventually defended by Daniel Webster, a fictional version of the famous lawyer and orator, in front of a judge and jury of the damned, and his case is won. It was adapted in 1941 as a movie,  The Devil and Daniel Webster, with Walter Huston as the devil, James Craig as Jabez and Edward Arnold as Webster. It was remade in 2007 as Shortcut to Happiness with Alec Baldwin as Jabez, Anthony Hopkins as Webster and Jennifer Love Hewitt as the Devil.


=== Selected additional dramatic works ===
Faust (1836) by Nikolaus Lenau
Faust (1839) Ludwig Hermann Wolfram
Doctor Faust. Dance Poem (1851) by Heinrich Heine
Faust: The Third Part of the Tragedy (1862) by Friedrich Theodor Vischer
The Death of Doctor Faustus (1925) by Michel de Ghelderode
Mephisto (1933) Klaus Mann
Faust, a Subjective Tragedy (1934) by Fernando Pessoa
Doctor Faustus Lights the Lights (1938) by Gertrude Stein
My Faust (1940) by Paul Valéry
Faust '67 (1969) by Tommaso Landolfi
Doctor Faustus (1979) by Don Nigro
Temptation (1985) by Václav Havel (Translated by Marie Winn)
Faustus (2004) by David Mamet
Wittenberg (2008) by David Davalos
Faust (2009) by Edgar Brau
Faust 3 (2016) by Peter Schumann, Bread and Puppet Theater
Il Dottor Faust (2018) by Menotti Lerro


=== Selected additional novels, stories, poems, and comics ===
The Devil and Tom Walker (1824) by Washington Irving
Faust (1856) novella by Ivan Turgenev
The Cobbler and the Devil (1863) by August Šenoa
Fausto (1866) by Estanislao del Campo
The Picture of Dorian Gray (1891) by Oscar Wilde
Faust (manga) (1950) adaptation by Osamu Tezuka
The Year the Yankees Lost the Pennant (1954) by Douglass Wallop adapts the Faust theme to baseball
The Recognitions (1955) by William Gaddis
The Master and Margarita (1967) by Mikhail Bulgakov
Faust (1980) by Robert Nye
Mefisto (1986) by John Banville
Faust (comics) (1987–2012) series of comic books by David Quinn & Tim Vigil
Eric (1990) by Terry Pratchett
Jack Faust (1997) by Michael Swanwick
Frau Faust (2014–Present) by Kore Yamazaki
Soul Cartel (2014–2017) by Haram and Youngji Kim
Teeth in the Mist (2019) by Dawn Kurtagich
The Master's Apprentice (2020) by Oliver Pötzsch
The Devil's Pawn (2021) by Oliver Pötzsch


== Cinematic adaptations ==


=== Early films ===
Faust and Marguerite, a short copyrighted by Edison Manufacturing Co. in 1900
Faust, an obscure (now lost) 1921 American silent film directed by Frederick A. Todd
Faust, a 14-minute-long 1922 British silent film directed by Challis Sanderson
Faust, a 1922 French silent film directed by Gérard Bourgeois, regarded as the first ever 3-D film


=== Murnau's Faust ===
F.W. Murnau, director of the classic Nosferatu, directed a silent version of Faust that premiered in 1926. Murnau's film featured special effects that were remarkable for the era. In one scene, Mephisto towers over a town, dark wings spread wide, as a fog rolls in bringing the plague. In another, an extended montage sequence shows Faust, mounted behind Mephisto, riding through the heavens, and the camera view, effectively swooping through quickly changing panoramic backgrounds, courses past snowy mountains, high promontories and cliffs, and waterfalls.
In the Murnau version of the tale, the aging bearded scholar and alchemist is disillusioned by the palpable failure of his supposed cure for a plague that has stricken his town. Faust renounces his many years of hard travail and studies in alchemy. In his despair, he hauls all his bound volumes by armloads onto a growing pyre, intending to burn them. However, a wind turns over a few cabalistic leaves, and one of the books' pages catches Faust's eye. Their words contain a prescription for how to invoke the dreadful dark forces.
Faust heeds these recipes and begins enacting the mystic protocols: on a hill, alone, summoning Mephisto, certain forces begin to convene, and Faust in a state of growing trepidation hesitates, and begins to withdraw; he flees along a winding, twisting pathway, returning to his study chambers. At pauses along this retreat, though, he meets a reappearing figure. Each time, it doffs its hat—in a greeting, that is Mephisto, confronting him. Mephisto overcomes Faust's reluctance to sign a long binding pact with the invitation that Faust may try on these powers, just for one day, and without obligation to longer terms. Upon the end of that day, the sands of twenty-four hours having run out, after Faust's having been restored to youth and, helped by his servant Mephisto to steal a beautiful woman from her wedding feast, Faust is tempted so much that he agrees to sign a pact for eternity (which is to say when, in due course, his time runs out). Eventually Faust becomes bored with the pursuit of pleasure and returns home, where he falls in love with the beautiful and innocent Gretchen. His corruption (enabled, or embodied, through the forms of Mephisto) ultimately ruins both their lives, though there is still a chance for redemption in the end.
Similarities to Goethe's Faust include the classic tale of a man who sold his soul to the Devil, the same Mephisto wagering with an angel to corrupt the soul of Faust, the plague sent by Mephisto on Faust's small town, and the familiar cliffhanger with Faust unable to find a cure for the Plague, and therefore turning to Mephisto, renouncing God, the angel, and science alike.


=== Post-war ===
Films published after 1945. 

La Beauté du diable (The Beauty of the Devil)
Directed by René Clair, 1950  – An adaptation in which Michel Simon plays a dual role as Mephistopheles and the older Faust, with Gérard Philipe playing Faust as transformed into a youthful form.
Doctor Faustus
Directed by Richard Burton and Nevill Coghill, 1967 – A British horror film adaptation of the 1588 Christopher Marlowe play The Tragical History of the Life and Death of Doctor Faustus.
Phantom of the Paradise
Directed by Brian DePalma, 1974 – A vain rock impresario, who has sold his soul to the Devil in exchange for eternal youth, corrupts and destroys a brilliant but unsuccessful songwriter and a beautiful ingenue.
Mephisto
Directed by István Szabó, 1981 – Portrays an actor in 1930s Germany who aligns himself with the Nazi party for prestige.
Lekce Faust (Faust)
Directed by Jan Švankmajer, 1994 – The source material of Švankmajer's film is the Faust legend; including traditional Czech puppet show versions, this film production uses a variety of cinematic formats, such as stop-motion photography animation and claymation.
Faust
Directed by Aleksandr Sokurov, 2011 – German-language film starring Johannes Zeiler, Anton Adasinsky, Isolda Dychauk.
American Satan
Directed by Ash Avildsen, 2017 – A rock and roll modern retelling of the Faust legend starring Andy Biersack as Johnny Faust.
The Last Faust
Directed by Philipp Humm, 2019 – a contemporary feature art film directly based on Goethe's Faust, Part One and Faust, Part Two. The film is the first filmed version of Faust, I and Faust, II as well as a part of Humm's Gesamtkunstwerk, an art project with over 150 different artworks such as paintings, photos, sculptures, drawings and an illustrated novella.


== Audio adaptations ==
The Christopher Marlowe play has been broadcast on radio many times, including:

On 29 June 1932, the BBC Regional Programme broadcast "A Tragical History of the Renaissance Arranged in ten Scenes for Broadcasting by Barbara Burnham", with Ion Swinley as Faustus and Robert Farquharson as Mephistophilis.
On 13 April 1934, the Oxford University Dramatic Society performed The Tragicall Historie of Doctor Faustus on the BBC National Programme, with R.F. Felton as Faustus and P.B.P. Glenville as Mephistophilis.
On 11 October 1946, the BBC Third Programme broadcast an adaptation, with Alec Guinness as Faustus and Laidman Browne as Mephistophilis.
On 18 October 1949, the BBC Light Programme broadcast an adaptation adapted by E.J. King Bull, with Robert Harris as Faustus, Peter Ustinov as Mephistophilis, Rupert Davies as Lucifer, Richard Hurndall (of Doctor Who fame) as Frederick/Third Scholar and Donald Gray as The Emperor of Germany.
On 1 June 1964, the BBC Home Service broadcast an adaptation, with Stephen Murray as Faustus and Esme Percy as Mephistophilis.
On 24 December 1985, BBC Radio 3 broadcast an adaptation directed by Sue Wilson, directed by Sue Wilson with Stephen Moore as Faustus, Philip Voss as Mephistophilis, Maurice Denham as the Old Man, John Hollis as Lucifer and Barrie Rutter as Robin.
The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation broadcast an adaptation of the Marlowe play in 2001, with Kenneth Welsh as Faustus and Eric Peterson as Mephistopheles/The Chorus/The Evil Angel.
On September 2007, BBC Radio 3 broadcast an adaptation directed by Nadia Molinari, with Paterson Joseph as Faustus, Ray Fearon as Mephistopheles, Toby Jones as Wagner, Anton Lesser as The Emperor and Janet McTeer as The Evil Angel.
On 19 September 2021, a third BBC Radio 3 adaptation of the Marlowe play, adapted and directed by Emma Harding, was broadcast, with John Heffernan as both Faustus and Mephistopheles, Pearl Mackie as Wagner and Frances Tomelty as The Good Angel.A five-part adaptation by Martin Jenkins dramatized by Jonathan Holloway was broadcast as part of BBC Radio 4's 15-Minute Theatre 18–22 February 2008. The cast included Julian Rhind-Tutt as Faustus, Mark Gatiss as Mephistopheles, Thom Tuck as Wagner, Jasmine Guy as Gretchen/Demon and Pippa Haywood as Martha.


== Musical adaptations ==


=== Operatic ===
The Faust legend has been the basis for several major operas: for a more complete list, visit Works based on Faust

Mefistofele, the only completed opera by Arrigo Boito
Doktor Faust, begun by Ferruccio Busoni and completed by his pupil Philipp Jarnach
Faust, by Charles Gounod to a French libretto by Jules Barbier and Michel Carré from Carré's play Faust et Marguerite, in turn loosely based on Goethe's Faust, Part 1
Faust (Spohr), one of the earliest operatic adaptations of the story, with separate versions premiering in 1816 and 1852 respectively
Hector Berlioz's La Damnation de Faust (1846)
Havergal Brian's Faust (1955–6), set on Part I and in German
Alfred Schnittke's Historia von D. Johann Fausten, composed between 1983–1994, and premiered in 1995
Rudolf Volz's Rock Opera Faust with original lyrics by Goethe (1997)


=== Symphonic ===
Faust has inspired major musical works in other forms: 

Faust Overture by Richard Wagner
Scenes from Goethe's Faust by Robert Schumann
Faust Symphony by Franz Liszt
Symphony No. 8 by Gustav Mahler
Histoire du soldat by Igor Stravinsky


=== Other adaptations ===
Faust was the title and inspiration of Phantom Regiment Drum and Bugle Corps' 2006 show
Faustian Echoes by American black metal band Agalloch.
"Faust Arp" by English rock band Radiohead. From the album In Rainbows.
"The Small Print" by English rock band Muse. From the album Absolution. Originally titled "Action Faust", it is an interpretation of the tale from the Devil's perspective.
"Bohemian Rhapsody" by English rock band Queen. From the album A Night at the Opera.
"Faust" by singer songwriter Paul Williams from the original soundtrack of The Phantom of the Paradise.
"Faust" by English virtual band Gorillaz. From the album G-Sides.
"Absinthe with Faust" by English extreme metal band Cradle of Filth. From the album Nymphetamine.
"Urfaust", "The Calling", "The Oath", "Conjuring the Cull", and "The Harrowing" by American death metal band Misery Index. The first five tracks from the album The Killing Gods. A five-song, modern interpretation of Goethe's Faust.
Epica and The Black Halo by international power metal band Kamelot. A two-album interpretation of the tale.
"Faust" by American metalcore band The Human Abstract. From the album Digital Veil.
"Faust" by horrorcore rapper SickTanicK feat. Texas Microphone Massacre. From the album Chapter 3: Awake (The Ministry of Hate).
"Faust, Midas and Myself" by American alternative rock band Switchfoot. From the album Oh! Gravity.
"The Faustian Alchemist" by Finnish black metal band Belzebubs. From the album Pantheon of the Nightside Gods.
Randy Newman's Faust. A rock opera written and co-produced by Randy Newman with: Don Henley as Faust; Randy Newman as the devil; James Taylor as the Lord; Bonnie Raitt as Martha; and Linda Ronstadt as Margaret.
Damn Yankees is a 1954 musical adaptation of the novel The Year the Yankees Lost the Pennant, which set the Faust theme in the world of mid-20th century American baseball. The stage musical was adapted to film in 1958 and  for television in 1967.
Crossroads, starring Ralph Macchio as the Daniel Webster-like savior of an elderly Blues harpist.
Faust, a character from the video game franchise Guilty Gear.
Bård Guldvik "Faust" Eithun, Norwegian drummer and convicted murderer known primarily for his work for black metal band Emperor.
Faust, a character in the 2023 video game Limbus Company created by South Korean studio Project Moon.
The Wicked Trilogy, a trilogy of albums by German symphonic power metal band Avantasia consisting of The Scarecrow, The Wicked Symphony, and Angel of Babylon, is loosely based on the story of Faust


== In psychotherapy ==
Psychodynamic therapy uses the idea of a Faustian bargain to explain defence mechanisms, usually rooted in childhood, that sacrifice elements of the self in favor of some form of psychological survival. For the neurotic, abandoning one's genuine feeling self in favour of a false self more amenable to caretakers may offer a viable form of life, but at the expense of one's true emotions and affects. For the psychotic, a Faustian bargain with an omnipotent self can offer the imaginary refuge of a psychic retreat at the price of living in unreality.


== See also ==
Shinigami, an Edo period, rakugo work with a similar premise
Jonathan Moulton, also known as the "Yankee Faust"
Robert Johnson
Puella Magi Madoka Magica, an anime franchise significantly inspired by Faust
The Little Mermaid, the fairytale by Hans Christian Andersen, that has a similar plot and themes, and is often considered a child friendly retelling.


== Notes ==


== Sources ==
Doctor Faustus by Christopher Marlowe, edited and with an introduction by Sylvan Barnet. Signet Classics, 1969.
J. Scheible, Das Kloster (1840s).


== Further reading ==
The Faustian Century: German Literature and Culture in the Age of Luther and Faustus. Ed. J. M. van der Laan and Andrew Weeks. Camden House, 2013. ISBN 978-1571135520
A philosophical interpretation: Seung, T.K. Cultural Thematics: The Formation of the Faustian Ethos. Yale University Press. 1976. ISBN 978-0300019186


== External links ==
Faust, BBC Radio 4 discussion with Juliette Wood, Osman Durrani & Rosemary Ashton (In Our Time, Dec. 23, 2004)
Jamal Amofa (born 25 November 1998) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a defender for Eredivisie club Go Ahead Eagles.


== Career ==
Amofa signed his first professional contract with ADO Den Haag on 29 June 2020.On 5 July 2022, Amofa joined Eredivisie club Go Ahead Eagles on a three-year contract.


== Personal life ==
Born in the Netherlands, Amofa is of Ghanaian, and Surinamese descent.


== References ==


== External links ==
Jamal Amofa at Soccerway
Jamal Amofa at WorldFootball.net
Career stats & Profile - Voetbal International
Park Island Ferry Pier (Chinese: 珀麗灣碼頭) is a ferry pier in Park Island, Ma Wan, Tsuen Wan, New Territories, Hong Kong. It is one of the main transport interchange of Park Island, a private housing estate in Ma Wan. It has one ferry route to Central, which is operated by Park Island Transport Company Limited.Another route to Tsuen Wan Pier (near West Rail Tsuen Wan West station) was discontinued on 13 December 2012 after 10 years of operation.
However, this route was later reinstated, due to Park Island residents' pressure, but with a much reduced service.


== References ==
The Billboard Music Award for Chart Achievement winners. This is one of three fan voted categories in the award show. Drake is the most nominations artist, he has been nominated 3 times (2016, 2018 and 2019). Taylor Swift (2015, 2020) and The Weeknd (2016, 2017) received two nominations. 


== Winners and nominees ==


== References ==
Sarah Louise Cawood (born 7 August 1972 in St Pancras, London) is an English television presenter, voice over artist and narrator. She is best known for presenting the BBC children's Saturday morning show Live & Kicking.


== Career ==
Cawood grew up in the Cambridgeshire village of Maxey and was educated at Stamford High School, Lincolnshire. She also attended the Royal Ballet School and Arts Educational Schools London.Between 1995 and 1996, she was a presenter for Nickelodeon. In 1997, she moved on to co-present The Girlie Show. From 1998 to 2000, she featured on Channel 5's Karaoke quiz show, Night Fever. She has also presented on MTV, Live & Kicking and Top of the Pops. She was also a panellist on Lily Savage's Blankety Blank on 2001 and Loose Women in 2003. She has also co-presented the midweek and Saturday National Lottery programmes and was also a reporter on the Channel 4 show Richard & Judy. In addition to this, she presented an information video for Argos for staff training purposes.
In 1998, she took on an acting role, appearing as Angel in Todd Haynes's glam-rock drama Velvet Goldmine.
In May 2006, it was while she was presenting the National Lottery Jet Set alongside Eamonn Holmes that Fathers 4 Justice invaded the studio; she however carried on and later claimed it was her training on MTV which allowed her to 'ad-lib'. She won a Celebrity episode of The Weakest Link, beating cricketer Phil Tufnell in the final. In November 2006, she took part in the BBC's Celebrity Scissorhands for Children in Need.
She co-presented BBC Three's coverage of Comic Relief Does Fame Academy. She also co-commentated on the semi-finals of the Eurovision Song Contest 2007, 2009 and 2010 alongside Paddy O'Connell for viewers in the United Kingdom on BBC Three. Additionally, she starred as the 'hidden' celebrity in an episode of the CBBC show Hider in the House.
She presented the UK version of the word-based quiz show That's the Question on Challenge which began airing on 14 May 2007.
She was a panellist on The Wright Stuff in 2007, and returned in early January 2010.
She is also the voice-over on ITV's Daily Cooks Challenge hosted by Anthony Worrall Thompson.
On 10 November 2010, she and Alice Cooper co-presented the Classic Rock Roll of Honour Awards at the Roundhouse in London.
On 6 January 2014, Cawood joined Dave Taylor to present the breakfast show on Heart East Anglia from 6 am til 10 am. 
Sarah Cawood decided to leave the show in December 2014 to look after her children. S


== Personal life ==
In 2008, she was part of the British team that completed Olivia Newton-John's "Great Walk to Beijing".On 27 March 2012, Cawood gave birth to her first child, a son, named Hunter. In December 2012, Cawood married her long-term partner Andy Merry.
In August 2013, Cawood gave birth to her second child, a daughter, named Autumn.
On 22 September 2022, Cawood announced that she had been diagnosed with Stage I breast cancer in August 2021, and that she has managed to make a full recovery.She is a supporter of Arsenal and remains a popular blogger on issues such as motherhood.


== References ==


== External links ==

Sarah Cawood at IMDb
Andrea Mitchell "Mitch" D'Arrigo (born 28 April 1995), is a freestyle swimmer who has competed internationally for Italy and for the United States. He specializes in the men's 400 metre freestyle event, where he won two silver medals and one bronze medal representing Italy at the European Championships. He also earned silver and bronze medals for Italy in the men's 4×200 metre freestyle relay events at the World and European Championships.D'Arrigo competed for Italy at the 2016 Summer Olympics in the men's 200 metre freestyle and men's 4×200 metre freestyle relay.He also competed for the United States at the 2017 World University Games, winning a silver medal in the men's 4×200 m freestyle relay.D'Arrigo was born in Rome, Italy, and moved to Gainesville, Florida, where he attended P. K. Yonge Developmental Research School as a high school senior. He joined the University of Florida team in 2013. D'Arrigo has dual citizenship; his father is Italian and his mother is American.


== References ==


== External links ==
Mitch D'Arrigo official website
Mitch D'Arrigo at USA Swimming (archived January 25, 2022)
Andrea D'Arrigo  at World Aquatics 
Andrea D'Arrigo at Olympics.com Andrea D'Arrigo at Olympic.org (archived) 
Andrea D'Arrigo at Olympedia 
Andrea Mitchell D'Arrigo at Swimrankings.net
Mashallah Amin Sorour (Persian: ماشالله امین سرور; 16 March 1931 – 9 October 2010) was an Iranian cyclist. He competed in the individual road race and team time trial events at the 1964 Summer Olympics.


== References ==


== External links ==
Mashallah Amin Sorour at ProCyclingStats
Mashallah Amin Sorour at Olympedia
Frederick Allen Nutter (May 1, 1929 – October 15, 2005), known professionally as Rik Van Nutter, was an American actor who appeared in many minor films and the James Bond picture Thunderball.


== Biography ==
Van Nutter is best known for playing the third version of Felix Leiter in the James Bond film Thunderball (1965). He also had a role alongside Peter Ustinov in Romanoff and Juliet (1961), and his later films included Foxbat (1977) with Henry Silva and Vonetta McGee and the Jim Brown World War II adventure Pacific Inferno (1979).
Van Nutter was married to film actress Anita Ekberg from 1963 until 1975. They lived in Spain and Switzerland and started a shipping business together.Van Nutter died on October 15, 2005, at the age of 76.


== Filmography ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Rik Van Nutter at IMDb
John Mitchels GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in Fews, County Waterford, Ireland. The club is exclusively dedicated to Gaelic Football Intermediate level.
The club has won the Waterford Senior Football Championship 3 times, 1970, 1973 and 1976.


== Honours ==
Waterford Senior Football Championship: 3
1970, 1973, 1976
Waterford Intermediate Football Championships: 2
2003, 2007
Waterford Under-21 Football Championships: 1
1969
Waterford Minor Football Championships 2
1974, 1975
Lachnocnema bibulus, the common woolly legs, is a butterfly of the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Sub-Saharan Africa. In South Africa it is found from the East Cape to KwaZulu-Natal, Eswatini, Mpumalanga, Gauteng, the Limpopo Province, and the North West Province.
The wingspan is 21–27 mm for males and 21–30.5 mm for females. Adults are on wing year-round in warmer areas with peaks in spring and late summer.The larvae feed on Psyllidae plant lice species.


== References ==


== External links ==

Seitz, A. Die Gross-Schmetterlinge der Erde 13: Die Afrikanischen Tagfalter. Plate XIII 65 g
The Four Asian Tigers (also known as the Four Asian Dragons or Four Little Dragons in Chinese and Korean) are the developed East Asian economies of Hong Kong, Singapore, South Korea, and Taiwan. Between the early 1950s and 1990s, they underwent rapid industrialization and maintained exceptionally high growth rates of more than 7 percent a year.
By the early 21st century, these economies had developed into high-income economies, specializing in areas of competitive advantage. Hong Kong and Singapore have become leading international financial centres, whereas South Korea and Taiwan are leaders in manufacturing electronic components and devices. Large institutions have pushed to have them serve as role models for many developing countries, especially the Tiger Cub Economies of southeast Asia.In 1993, a World Bank report The East Asian Miracle credited neoliberal policies with the economic boom, including the maintenance of export-oriented policies, low taxes and minimal welfare states. Institutional analyses found that some level of state intervention was involved. Some analysts argued that industrial policy and state intervention had a much greater influence than the World Bank report suggested.As of 2020, South Korea's GDP is ranked 10th in the world ($1.6 trillion). This is greater than the combined GDP of Taiwan ($670 billion), Singapore ($340 billion), and Hong Kong ($340 billion).


== Overview ==
Prior to the 1997 Asian financial crisis, the growth of the Four Asian Tiger economies (commonly referred to as "the Asian Miracle") has been attributed to export oriented policies and strong development policies. Unique to these economies were the sustained rapid growth and high levels of equal income distribution. A World Bank report suggests two development policies among others as sources for the Asian miracle: factor accumulation and macroeconomic management.The Hong Kong economy was the first out of the four to undergo industrialization with the development of a textile industry in the 1950s. By the 1960s, manufacturing in the British colony had expanded and diversified to include clothing, electronics, and plastics for export orientation. Following Singapore's independence from Malaysia, the Economic Development Board formulated and implemented national economic strategies to promote the country's manufacturing sector. Industrial estates were set up and foreign investment was attracted to the country with tax incentives. Meanwhile, Taiwan and South Korea began to industrialize in the mid-1960s with heavy government involvement including initiatives and policies. Both countries pursued export-oriented industrialization as in Hong Kong and Singapore. The four countries were inspired by Japan's evident success, and they collectively pursued the same goal by investing in the same categories: infrastructure and education. They also benefited from foreign trade advantages that set them apart from other countries, most significantly economic support from the United States; part of this is manifested in the proliferation of American electronic products in common households of the Four Tigers.By the end of the 1960s, levels in physical and human capital in the four economies far exceeded other countries at similar levels of development. This subsequently led to a rapid growth in per capita income levels. While high investments were essential to their economic growth, the role of human capital was also important. Education in particular is cited as playing a major role in the Asian economic miracle. The levels of education enrollment in the Four Asian Tigers were higher than predicted given their level of income. By 1965, all four nations had achieved universal primary education. South Korea in particular had achieved a secondary education enrollment rate of 88% by 1987. There was also a notable decrease in the gap between male and female enrollments during the Asian miracle. Overall these advances in education allowed for high levels of literacy and cognitive skills.
The creation of stable macroeconomic environments was the foundation upon which the Asian miracle was built. Each of the Four Asian Tiger states managed, to various degrees of success, three variables in: budget deficits, external debt and exchange rates. Each Tiger nation's budget deficits were kept within the limits of their financial limits, as to not destabilize the macro-economy. South Korea in particular had deficits lower than the OECD average in the 1980s. External debt was non-existent for Hong Kong, Singapore and Taiwan, as they did not borrow from abroad. Although South Korea was the exception to this – its debt to GNP ratio was quite high during the period 1980–1985, it was sustained by the country's high level of exports. Exchange rates in the Four Asian Tiger nations had been changed from long-term fixed rate regimes to fixed-but-adjustable rate regimes with the occasional steep devaluation of managed floating rate regimes. This active exchange rate management allowed the Four Tiger economies to avoid exchange rate appreciation and maintain a stable real exchange rate.
Export policies have been the de facto reason for the rise of these Four Asian Tiger economies. The approach taken has been different among the four nations. Hong Kong, and Singapore introduced trade regimes that were neoliberal in nature and encouraged free trade, while South Korea and Taiwan adopted mixed regimes that accommodated their own export industries. In Hong Kong and Singapore, due to small domestic markets, domestic prices were linked to international prices. South Korea and Taiwan introduced export incentives for the traded-goods sector. The governments of Singapore, South Korea and Taiwan also worked to promote specific exporting industries, which were termed as an export push strategy. All these policies helped these four nations to achieve a growth averaging 7.5% each year for three decades and as such they achieved developed country status.Dani Rodrik, economist at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University, has in a number of studies argued that state intervention was important in the East Asian growth miracle. He has argued "it is impossible to understand the East Asian growth miracle without appreciating the important role that government policy played in stimulating private investment".


=== 1997 Asian financial crisis ===
The Tiger economies experienced a setback in the 1997 Asian financial crisis. Hong Kong came under intense speculative attacks against its stock market and currency necessitating unprecedented market interventions by the state Hong Kong Monetary Authority. South Korea was hit the hardest as its foreign debt burdens swelled resulting in its currency falling between 35 and 50%. By the beginning of 1997, the stock market in Hong Kong, Singapore, and South Korea also saw losses of at least 60% in dollar terms. Singapore and Taiwan were relatively unscathed. The Four Asian Tigers recovered from the 1997 crisis faster than other countries due to various economic advantages including their high savings rate (except South Korea) and their openness to trade.


=== 2008 financial crisis ===
The export-oriented tiger economies, which benefited from American consumption, were hit hard by the financial crisis of 2007–08. By the fourth quarter of 2008, the GDP of all four nations fell by an average annualized rate of around 15%.
Exports also fell by a 50% annualized rate.
Weak domestic demand also affected the recovery of these economies. In 2008, retail sales fell 3% in Hong Kong, 6% in Singapore and 11% in Taiwan.As the world recovered from the financial crisis, the Four Asian Tiger economies have also rebounded strongly. This is due in no small part to each country's government fiscal stimulus measures. These fiscal packages accounted for more than 4% of each country's GDP in 2009.
Another reason for the strong bounce back is the modest corporate and household debt in these four nations.A recent article published in Applied Economics Letters by financial economist Mete Feridun of University of Greenwich Business School and his international colleagues investigates the causal relationship between financial development and economic growth for Thailand, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, China, India and Singapore for the period between 1979 and 2009, using Johansen cointegration tests and vector error correction models. The results suggest that in the case of Indonesia, Singapore, the Philippines, China and India financial development leads to economic growth, whereas in the case of Thailand there exists a bidirectional causality between these variables. The results further suggest that in the case of Malaysia, financial development does not seem to cause economic growth.


== Gross domestic product (GDP) ==
In 2018, the combined economy of the Four Asian Tigers constituted 3.46% of the world's economy with a total Gross domestic product (GDP) of 2,932 billion US dollars. The GDP in Hong Kong, Singapore, South Korea and Taiwan was worth 363.03 billion, 361.1 billion, 1,619.42 billion and 589.39 billion US dollars respectively in 2018, which represented 0.428%, 0.426%, 1.911% and 0.696% of the world economy. Together, their combined economy surpassed the United Kingdom's GDP of 3.34% of the world's economy some time in the mid-2010s. In 2021, each of the Four Asian Tigers' GDP Per capita (nominal) exceeds $30,000 according to IMF's estimate.

Skylines of the Four Tigers
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

			
			
		
		
			
			
		


== Education and technology ==
These four countries focused on investing heavily in their infrastructure as well as education to benefit their country through skilled workers and higher level jobs such as engineers and doctors. The policy was generally successful and helped develop the countries into more advanced and high-income industrialized developed countries. For example, all four countries have become global education centers with Singapore, Taiwan, South Korea and Hong Kong high school students scoring well on math and science exams such as the PISA exam and with Taiwanese students winning several medals in International Olympiads.In relation to higher-level education, there are many prestigious colleges as in most developed countries. In the 2023 QS University Rankings, the top 100 universities in the world include 5 universities from Hong Kong, 6 universities from South Korea, 2 from Singapore and 1 from Taiwan. Despite the small populations and the relatively short history of universities in the four countries, they together account for a quarter of the top 100 universities located outside of the United States or the United Kingdom. Notable schools include the National Taiwan University, Chinese University of Hong Kong, The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Seoul National University, National University of Singapore, Nanyang Technological University and University of Hong Kong. The cities of Hong Kong, Singapore and Seoul are prominent hubs in higher education.


== Cultural basis ==
The role of Confucianism has been used to explain the success of the Four Asian Tigers. This conclusion is similar to the Protestant work ethic theory in the West promoted by German sociologist Max Weber in his book The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism. The culture of Confucianism is said to have been compatible with industrialization because it valued stability, hard work, discipline, and loyalty and respect towards authority figures. There is a significant influence of Confucianism on the corporate and political institutions of the Asian Tigers. Prime Minister of Singapore Lee Kuan Yew advocated Asian values as an alternative to the influence of Western culture in Asia. This theory was not without its critics. There was a lack of mainland Chinese economic success during the same time frame as the Four Tigers, and yet China was the birthplace of Confucianism. During the May Fourth Movement of 1919, Confucianism was blamed for China's inability to compete with Western powers.In 1996, the economist Joseph Stiglitz pointed out that, ironically, "not that long ago, the Confucian heritage, with its emphasis on traditional values, was cited as an explanation for why these countries had not grown."


== Territory and region data ==


=== Credit ratings ===


=== Demographics ===


=== Economy ===


=== Quality of life ===


=== Technology ===


=== Politics ===


=== Organizations and groups ===


== See also ==


== Notes ==


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Ezra F. Vogel, The Four Little Dragons: The Spread of Industrialization in East Asia (Cambridge, Massachusetts: Harvard University Press, 1991).
Hye-Kyung Lee & Lorraine Lim, Cultural Policies in East Asia: Dynamics between the State, Arts and Creative Industries (Palgrave Macmillan, 2014).
H. Horaguchi & K. Shimokawa, Japanese Foreign Direct Investment and the East Asian Industrial System: Case Studies from the Automobile and Electronics Industries (Springer Japan, 2002).
Kim, Eun Mee (1998). The Four Asian Tigers: Economic Development and the Global Political Economy. Emerald Publishing. ISBN 9780124074408.


== External links ==
BBC report on the Asian Tigers in the aftermath of the 1997 Financial Crisis (includes map of the Asian Tigers)
ASEAN tigers
The Elephant at the Gate in China Economic Review
Valenti Angelo (1897-1982) (variant name Valenti Michael Angelo) was an Italian-American printmaker, illustrator and author, born June 23, 1897, in Massarosa, Italy. He immigrated to the United States, living first in New York City then settling in Antioch, California. At the age of nineteen, Angelo moved to San Francisco, working by day as a labourer and spending his evenings and weekends at libraries and museums. He soon became a versatile artist and an especially skilled engraver and printer. Angelo's favoured medium was the linocut, and his prints depicting urban nocturnes and desert scenes of the American Southwest are particularly coveted by collectors and dealers. In 1926, Angelo made his first book illustrations for the well-known, San Francisco-based Grabhorn Press.
In a period of 34 years, Angelo decorated and illustrated roughly 250 books. Among these were folio editions of Walt Whitman's Leaves of Grass, The Travels of Sir John Mandeville, and numerous books of the Bible. Many of these books have been included in the annual American Institute of Graphic Arts exhibitions since 1927. Under the tutelage of May Massee of Viking Press, Angelo began writing children's stories in 1937. In 1939, Angelo won the Newbery Honor for Nino. After a mid-life relocation to New York state, he returned to San Francisco in 1974 and continued his life's work. Angelo died in San Francisco on September 3, 1982.


== Selected collections ==
Library of Congress, Washington D.C.
New York Public Library
Special Collections, Stony Brook University Libraries


== Selected publications ==
Paradise Valley
The Rooster Club
The Candy Basket 1960 The Viking Press
The Bells of Bleecker Street
The Marble Fountain
Nino
Salome
The Scarlet Letter
1934 Limited Editions Club edition: Burton, Richard Francis, translator, The Book of the Thousand Nights and a Night: The Complete Burton Translation with the Complete Burton Notes, the Terminal Index, and 1001 Decorations by Valenti Angelo, 3 Volumes (reprinted in 1962).
The Little Flowers of Saint Francis of Assisi,  The translation of Thomas Okey, Published by Peter Pauper Press (c. 1944)


== References ==
Linden, James (ed.). Con Amore: Valenti Angelo: A Bibliography, 1971-1982. San Francisco: Linden Editions, 1992.
Valenti Angelo: Author, Illustrator, Printer. San Francisco: Book Club of California, 1976.


== External links ==
Autobiography
Askart.com (Valenti Michael Angelo)
Special Collections, Stony Brook University Libraries (Valenti Angelo collection)
International Fine Print Dealers Association (Valenti Angelo)
Example of books illustrated by Valenti Angelo
Valenti Angelo at Library of Congress, with 83 library catalog records
The 384th Air Expeditionary Wing is an inactive unit of the United States Air Force. Its last assignment was with the United States Central Command Air Forces, being stationed at Shaikh Isa Air Base, Bahrain. It was inactivated in 2004. The wing's mission is largely undisclosed. However, it is known that one of its missions was aerial refueling of combat aircraft.


== History ==
For additional history and lineage, see 384th Air Expeditionary Group


=== Cold War ===
The 384th Bombardment Wing of the United States Air Force Strategic Air Command was established at Little Rock Air Force Base, Arkansas 1 August 1955. With its establishment, the 384th Bomb Group was activated as the operational group of the wing, bestowing its World War II honors, heritage and colors to the new Wing.  Operational squadrons of the wing were the 544th, 545th, and 546th Bomb Squadrons.  It was equipped with the Boeing B-47E Stratojet.
The 384 BW accomplished a truly remarkable feat by being certified combat ready just nine months after receiving its first aircraft. Stringent SAC requirements called for a specified percentage of the crews to be certified in order for the wing to be considered combat ready. Since aircrew members were fresh out of student status, beginning to arrive about the same times the aircraft did, preparing the group to become fully combat ready was a tremendous task. The culture of the organization would accept nothing less than full effort, and when the newly formed wing was mission capable by September 1956, it became the first such SAC wing to do so in such a short time.
The 384 BW handled bomber alert duties, spending countless days and nights on alert status with their aircraft armed, fueled, and ready to go at a moment's notice. The 384th aircrews also commonly participated in REFLEX operations, spending short but continually recurring periods of time at forward locations around the world.
The era of the Stratojet ended on 1 September 1964 when the 384 BW inactivated with the phaseout of the B-47 from the USAF inventory.


=== Aerial Refueling ===
The 384th was reactivated on 1 December 1972 as the 384th Air Refueling Wing, Heavy at McConnell Air Force Base, Kansas with Boeing KC-135A Stratotankers and took command of the 91st Air Refueling Squadron (ARS). It was assigned to the 12th Strategic Missile Division, Fifteenth Air Force, Strategic Air Command.
From McConnell, the wing deployed aircraft and crews on a worldwide basis, engaging in actual and simulated tactical and strategic operations, including air refueling support for the
evacuation of South Vietnamese and Americans from South Vietnam in 1975. The wing maintained proficiency in air refueling in support of SAC units and other units as directed.
The wing was reassigned to Second Air Force, 19th Air Division on 1 July 1973. On 30 September 1973, a second KC-135A refueling squadron, the 384th ARS was activated on the base, making McConnell an air refueling hub for SAC. The wing was again reassigned to Eighth Air Force, 19th Air Division on 1 January 1975.
In early 1983, the 384 ARW's leadership learned that it would be the first wing to receive the new Boeing KC-135R model tanker.  The 91st and 384th ARW were both upgraded to the new model in 1984. The "R" model had upgraded engines which produce much greater fuel efficiency than the older models, as well as having a higher on-board fuel storage capacity. The initial aircraft marking for both squadrons was a light blue/navy blue diamond checkerboard fin flash.


=== B-1B Era ===
On 2 October 1981, President Ronald Reagan announced a Strategic Modernization Program (SMP), a key feature of which would be the procurement of 100 North American–Rockwell B-1B bombers.  The first production models entered the USAF inventory in March 1985. It was announced by the Air Force that McConnell would be equipped with the B-1B in 1987. The 384th was redesignated as the 384th Bombardment Wing, Heavy on 1 July 1987, and the 28th Bombardment Squadron was activated that date to fly the 25 bombers assigned to the wing. Aircrews for the initial cadre that formed the 28th BMS arrived for training at Dyess AFB, TX in October 1987, with the first crews arriving for duty at McConnell AFB, KS in March – June 1988. With the arrival of the B-1s, the 91st ARS was inactivated, leaving the wing with one KC-135 tanker squadron. The 91st was later reactivated in July 1988 with the new 301st ARW at Malmstrom AFB, Montana with KC-135R aircraft.
Throughout 1988–1989, the Wing continued to train to the full capabilities of the B-1B Bomber. The big push through 1989 was certifying all bomber crews in night terrain-following (TF) flying and for the Wing to become Mission Ready to perform its SIOP mission. These efforts paid-off with the 384 Bomb Wing winning the "BEST ORI IN SAC" award for 1989. In addition, that year, the Wing achieved the "BEST B-1B CREW" while performing in the 15th Air Force Bombing Competition. In 1990, the Bomb Wing again won top honors in SAC. That year it recorded the highest score during an ORI by any Bomb Wing in the history of SAC and its B-1B crews were rated OUTSTANDING in war fighting capability.
In August 1990, Iraq invaded neighboring Kuwait. McConnell tanker personnel and aircraft were deployed throughout the Middle East, performing refueling missions of Coalition aircraft in support of Operation Desert Shield/Desert Storm to help eject the invaders from the small kingdom of Kuwait. The wing's B-1B aircraft, however, were not used in Desert Storm, the official reason being that the B-1Bs were all needed to stand nuclear alert – which they did. However, at that time the B-1B had been encountering a rash of turbofan blade failures that caused the aircraft to be grounded through most of Desert Storm. At the same time, required weapons testing for the safe release of conventional bomb delivery had encountered test problems, and the aircraft was not certified to drop conventional weapons until after the war ended.


=== From 1991 ===
With the end of the Cold War, the Air Force went through many changes.   One of these changes was the Objective Wing concept, with created "Operations Groups" (OG) to place all operational aircraft squadrons under one organization. The 384th engaged this change on 1 September 1991 and was re-designated as the 384th Wing (384 WG), with the 28th Bomb Squadron (B-1B) and the 384th Air Refueling Squadron (KC-135R) as its operational units.
On 1 June 1992, Strategic Air Command (SAC) was inactivated as part of a massive realignment of the Air Force command structure.   The 384th was assigned to the newly established Air Combat Command (ACC), a new command which replaced SAC, TAC and elements of Military Airlift Command (MAC).  The wing was again redesignated as the 384th Bomb Wing, and the 28 BS aircraft were assigned the tail code "OZ".  The 384 ARS was relieved from assignment to McConnell, and was reassigned to the 19th Operations Group of the 19th Air Refueling Wing at Robins AFB, Georgia.
As a result of a Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) Commission related realignment, March AFB, California was taken off active duty status and reassigned to the Air Force Reserve Command as an air reserve base. As part of a program to keep historically significant wings active, its 22d Air Refueling Wing was reassigned to McConnell without personnel or equipment on 1 January 1994.  As a result, on 1 January, the 384th was re-designated as the 384th Bomb Group as a unit under the 22 ARW.
The USAF planned to return McConnell AFB to being an air refueling hub, and as a result the B-1 equipped 28th Bomb Squadron was reassigned without equipment or personnel to the 7 OG at Dyess AFB, Texas on 1 October 1994 and the 384 BG was inactivated on 30 September 1994.


=== Global War on Terror ===
The 384th AEW was in existence at an unidentified Middle Eastern location in June 2002.From February–May 2003, the 384 AEW was in existence at Sheik Isa Air Base, Bahrain.
On 4 June, the 319th Air Expeditionary Group operating from Shaik Isa Airbase, Bahrain, was redesignated as the 384th Air Expeditionary Group, which was redesignated as the 384th Air Expeditionary Wing on 3 September.
The Wing was inactivated in 2004.
Other reports have suggested that the 319th AEG was operating from 'Base X' in Oman, which other sources labelled Masirah Air Base.


== Lineage, assignments, etc ==
Established as 384th Bombardment Wing, Medium, on 23 March 1953Activated on 1 August 1955
Discontinued, and inactivated, on 1 September 1964
Redesignated 384th Air Refueling Wing, Heavy, on 15 November 1972
Activated on 1 December 1972
Redesignated 384th Bombardment Wing, Heavy on 1 July 1987
Redesignated 384th Wing, 1 September 1991
Redesignated 384th Bomb Wing, 1 June 1992
Inactivated with personnel and equipment being absorbed by 384th Bomb Group, 1 January 1994Redesignated 384th Air Expeditionary Wing on 3 September 2003.Activated by redesignation of 384th Air Expeditionary Group on 3 September 2003
Inactivated in 2004 (Date TBD)


=== Assignments ===
825th Air (later, 825th Strategic Aerospace) Division, 1 August 1955 – 1 September 1964Attached to 7th Air Division, 3 January-5 April 195712th Strategic Missile (later, 12th Air) Division, 1 December 1972
19th Air Division, 1 July 1973
Strategic Air Command, 1 July 1987
Eighth Air Force, 1 June 1992 – 1 January 1994
United States Central Command Air Forces, 3 September 2003 – 2004


=== Components ===
28th Bombardment Squadron, (1 July 1987 – 1 October 1994)70th Bombardment Squadron (1 August 1961 – 1 September 1964)

91st Air Refueling Squadron (1 December 1972 – 1987)
384th Air Refueling Squadron (30 September 1973 – 1994)
544th Bombardment Squadron (1 August 1955 – 1 September 1964)
545th Bombardment Squadron (1 August 1955 – 1 September 1964)
546th Bombardment Squadron (1 August 1955 – 1 September 1964)
547th Bombardment Squadron (1 September 1958 – 1 January 1962)
27th Munitions Maintenance Squadron (1 August 1955 – 1 September 1964)


=== Stations ===
Little Rock AFB, Arkansas, 1 August 1955 – 1 September 1964
McConnell AFB, Kansas, 1 December 1972 – 1 October 1994
Shaikh Isa Air Base, Bahrain (2003–2004)


=== Aircraft ===
KC-135 (2003–2004)
B-1B (1988–1994)
KC-135 (1964; 1972–1994)
KC-97 (1961–1963)
B-47 (1956–1964)


== See also ==
List of B-47 units of the United States Air Force


== References ==
 This article incorporates public domain material from the Air Force Historical Research Agency


== External links ==
http://www.strategic-air-command.com/bases/McConnell_AFB.htm
The Japanese sea lion (Zalophus japonicus) (Japanese: ニホンアシカ, romanized: Nihon ashika, Korean: 강치, 바다사자) was an aquatic mammal that became extinct in the 1970s. It was considered to be a subspecies of the related California sea lion (Z. californianus) until 2003. They inhabited the western North Pacific and its marginal seas including the Sea of Okhotsk and the Sea of Japan, especially around the coastal areas of the Japanese Archipelago and the Korean Peninsula. They generally bred on sandy beaches which were open and flat, but sometimes in rocky areas. They were hunted commercially in the 1900s, leading to their extinction.


== Taxonomy ==
Prior to 2003, it was considered to be a subspecies of California sea lion as Zalophus californianus japonicus. However, it was subsequently reclassified as a separate species. DNA analysis in 2007 estimated that the divergence point between the two sea lions took place around 2 million years ago (mya) in the early Pleistocene.Several taxidermied specimens can be found in Japan and in the National Museum of Natural History, Leiden, the Netherlands, bought by Philipp Franz von Siebold. The British Museum possesses a pelt and four skull specimens.


== Description ==
Male Japanese sea lions were dark grey, reaching lengths of 2.3 to 2.5 metres (7.5 to 8.2 ft) and weighed about 450 to 560 kilograms (990 to 1,230 lb). Females were significantly smaller at 1.64 to 1.8 metres (5.4 to 5.9 ft) long and weighed about 120 kilograms (260 lb) with a lighter grey colour than the males.


== Distribution and habitat ==
Japanese sea lions were found along the northwest Pacific coastline, specifically in Japan, Korea, southern Kamchatka Peninsula, and the Sakhalin Island. However, they may not have existed in Kamchatka, with their northernmost range extending only to the Kuril Islands. Sightings of individual Japanese sea lions still persist in Korea, but these are probably misidentified Steller's sea lions (Eumetopias jubatus). The only reliable report may have been of an individual shot at Moneron Island in 1949.Old Korean accounts also describe that the sea lion and spotted seal (Phoca largha) were found in broad area containing the BoHai Sea, the Yellow Sea, and Sea of Japan. The sea lions and seals left relevant place names all over the coast line of Japan, such as Ashika-iwa (海驢岩 or 海鹿岩, sea lion rock) and Ashika-jima (海獺島 or 海鹿島, sea lion island), and Cape Inubō (犬吠埼, dog-barking point) because of their howls to compared to dog's barking. Bones of Z. japonicus dating to 3500–2000 BC were found in the Shell Mound in Dongsam-dong, Busan. Genetic evidence confirms the former presence of Z. japonicus on the Liancourt rocks.
They usually resided on flat, open, and sandy beaches, but rarely in rocky areas. Their preference was to rest in caves.


== Exploitation and extinction ==
Many bones of the Japanese sea lion have been excavated from shell middens from the Jōmon period in Japan while an 18th-century encyclopedia, Wakan Sansai Zue, describes that the meat was not tasty and they were only used to render oil for oil lamps. Valuable oil was extracted from the skin, its internal organs were used to make expensive medicine, and its whiskers and skin were used as pipe cleaners and leather goods, respectively. At the turn of the 20th century, they were captured for use in circuses.Harvest records from Japanese commercial fishermen in the early 1900s show that as many as 3,200 sea lions were harvested at the turn of the century, and overhunting caused harvest numbers to fall drastically to 300 sea lions by 1915 and to a few dozen sea lions by the 1930s. Japanese commercial harvest of Japanese sea lions ended in the 1940s when the species became virtually extinct. In total, Japanese trawlers harvested as many as 16,500 sea lions, enough to cause their extinction.  Submarine warfare during World War II is even believed to have contributed to their habitat destruction.  The most recent sightings of Z. japonicus are from the 1970s, with the last confirmed record being a juvenile specimen captured in 1974 off the coast of Rebun Island, northern Hokkaido. There were a few unconfirmed sightings in 1983 and 1985. The last credible documentation was made in 1951 on the Liancourt Rocks reporting 50 to 60 animals. In any case, it was one of the most recent marine mammal extinctions to occur, alongside the Caribbean monk seal which went extinct at around the same time.


== Attempted rewilding ==
In 2007, the South Korean Ministry of Environment announced that South Korea, North Korea, Russia, and China will collaborate on bringing back sea lions to the Sea of Japan, starting with a search for any Japanese sea lions that might still be alive. The National Institute of Environmental Research of South Korea was commissioned to conduct feasibility research for this project. If the animal cannot be found, the South Korean government plans to relocate California sea lions from the United States. The South Korean Ministry of Environment supports the effort because of the symbolism, national concern, the restoration of the ecological system, and possible ecotourism.


== Post-extinction claimed sightings or vagrant records ==
Sightings of single sea lions of unclear identities have been reported at Iwami, Tottori in July 2003, and on Koshikijima Islands in March, 2016. Both animals were positively identified as Otariidae based on photographs, but their identities are unclear.


== References ==


== External links ==
 Data related to Japanese sea lions at Wikispecies
 Media related to Japanese sea lions at Wikimedia Commons
Fernando Quevedo Rodríguez (born 12 May 1956 in San José, Costa Rica) is a Guatemalan physicist and obtained his early education in Guatemala. He was the director of the Abdus Salam International Centre for Theoretical Physics (ICTP) between October 2009 and November 2019.


== Education ==
He obtained his BSc in physics from the Universidad del Valle de Guatemala in 1979, and his Ph.D. from the University of Texas at Austin in 1986 under the supervision of Nobel laurate Steven Weinberg.


== Career ==
Following a string of research appointments at CERN, Switzerland, McGill University in Canada, Institut de Physique in Neuchatel, Switzerland, and the Los Alamos National Laboratory, USA, as well as a brief term as professor of physics at the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM). Dr. Quevedo later joined the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics at the University of Cambridge, UK, in 1998, where he has been Professor of Theoretical Physics and Fellow of Gonville and Caius College. He has taught courses on the Standard Model, differential equations, complex methods, supersymmetry and extra dimensions. He has discussed the importance of international research institutions for science diplomacy. He has authored more than 100 papers.


== Honors and awards ==
He has been awarded the Royal Society Wolfson Research Merit Award, Doctorate Honoris Causa from Universidad de San Carlos de Guatemala and Universidad del Valle de Guatemala, John Solomon Guggenheim Foundation Fellowship and, alongside Anamaría Font, won the 1998 ICTP Prize. He has been a fellow of the World Academy of Sciences since 2010.
1998: John Simon Guggenheim Foundation Fellowship
1998: ICTP 1998 Prize in High Energy Physics, Trieste, Italy
2000: Doctorate Honoris Causa, [Universidad de San Carlos de Guatemala]]
2003: Royal Society Wolfson Merit Award, Royal Society, UK
2006: Doctorate Honoris Causa, Universidad del Valle de Guatemala
2010: Distinguished Guatemalan award, Guatemala City Mayor
2010: Fellow, The World Academy of Sciences
2013: Doctorate Honoris Causa, Universidad de Chiapas, Mexico
2017: Salvador Allende Award, Chile Embassy in Italy
2018: Abdus Salam Medal, The World Academy of Sciences
2019: Spirit of Abdus Salam Award
2020–2026: Distinguished Visiting Research Chair, Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics, Canada
2021: John Wheatley Prize, American Physical Society


== References ==
"You Should Have Told Me" is a popular song. Credits for its authorship are generally given to Lewis Bellin, Redd Evans and Bob Cavanaugh by ASCAP, the royalty collection agency.
The song was published in 1946, and it was recorded that year by Doris Day, with Les Brown and his Band of Renown.


== References ==
The 1967–68 Connecticut Huskies men's basketball team represented the University of Connecticut in the 1967–68 collegiate men's basketball season. The Huskies completed the season with an 11–13 overall record. The Huskies were members of the Yankee Conference, where they ended the season with a 7–3 record. The Huskies played their home games at Hugh S. Greer Field House in Storrs, Connecticut, and were led by first-year head coach Burr Carlson.


== Schedule ==
Schedule Source:


== References ==
John K. Williams (1822–1880) was an American lawyer and legislator. Born on August 22, 1822, in McKean County, Pennsylvania, he studied law in Meadville, Pennsylvania and practiced law. In 1846, he moved to Shullsburg, Wisconsin Territory. Williams practiced law and managed farm property in Lafayette County, Wisconsin Territory. In 1850, he served in the Wisconsin State Assembly as a Democrat, succeeding fellow Democrat William H. Johnson. Williams was chief clerk in the Wisconsin State Senate in 1852 and 1853. He was also clerk of the Wisconsin Circuit Court for Lafayette and was regent for the University of Wisconsin. Williams died in Shullsburg, Wisconsin, on April 4, 1880.


== References ==
Ethiopian-Greek relations are the international relations between Ethiopia and Greece.  In general, bilateral relations between the two countries have been limited, though they have maintained a formal relationship for over a century, including via the signature of several bilateral trade deals.  


== History ==
Although the first Greek diplomatic mission in Ethiopia dates to 1917 with the creation of a Greek Consulate, immigrants from Greece have been present in Ethiopia in the service of the Emperor or nobility since at least the mid-18th century.  In 1935 the consulate was upgraded to an embassy.  From 1951 to 1992, Ethiopia had an embassy in Athens but was forced to close it due to economic reasons.
Although the two countries signed trade agreements in 1933, 1955, and 1959, the volume of trade between them remains very low. The Greek Minister of Foreign Affairs, Theodoros Pangalos, made a formal visit to Ethiopia in 1998. The nationalization of properties owned by Greek nationals in Ethiopia during the Derg regime is a factor in the relationship between the two countries.During the COVID-19 pandemic, Greece donated more than 1.3 million vaccines to Ethiopia.


== Diplomatic missions ==
Ethiopia is accredited to Greece from its embassy in Rome, Italy.
Greece has an embassy in Addis Ababa.


== See also ==
Foreign relations of Ethiopia
Foreign relations of Greece
Greeks in Ethiopia


== References ==


== External links ==
Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ethiopia about relations with Greece
Greek Ministry of Foreign Affairs about relations with Ethiopia
Red Bush is an unincorporated community in Bath County, Kentucky, United States. Red Bush is located on Water Dell Road 5.1 miles (8.2 km) east-northeast of Owingsville.


== References ==
Pritam Rani Siwach (born 2 October 1974) is an Indian former field hockey player, who represented the India women's national field hockey team. She also served as the captain of the Indian women's hockey team. In 2008, she was recalled to join the team for the Olympic qualifiers in order to bring an "additional wealth of experience." After the team did not qualify for the Olympics, Siwach stated in an interview, "We are not that bad as the results would show. It was simply a case of missed chances [...] One difference between my times and now is the midfield. We had an experienced midfield with Sita Gussain at the centre. That helped us. Here, both T. H. Ranjita and Rosalind Ralte are young, just come into the team. They are potential youngsters, will only improve."She last played with the team when it won the Gold at the 2002 Commonwealth Games. She currently runs a hockey academy at Sonipat, Haryana and is training young girls in hockey. She is also trained as a hockey coach.Siwach 


== Career ==
Pritam was born in village Jharsa, near Gurgaon, Haryana, and started playing hockey at the age of 9. She had developed her hockey in the guidance of PTI Master Tara Chand in the school of Jharsa. Master Tara Chand and Head master Raghwendra Singh Yadav has helped her to become a best player of Hockey.
Pritam Rani Siwach is now Coach with Indian Women Hockey team for World Cup and Commonwealth Games.


== Awards ==
Pritham received an Arjuna Award in 1998 and the Dronacharya Award in 2021.


== Notes ==


== External links ==
Biography
Commonwealth Games Biography
[1]
The Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 is an 8-inch Android-based tablet computer produced and marketed by Samsung Electronics. It belongs to the fourth generation of the Samsung Galaxy Tab series, which also includes a 7-inch and a 10.1-inch model, the Galaxy Tab 4 7.0 and Galaxy Tab 4 10.1. It was announced on 1 April 2014, and released on 1 May 2014 along with the Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1.  Unlike the 7-inch and 10.1 inch tablets, the Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 is only the second iteration of the 8-inch device platform.


== Features ==
The Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 was released with Android 4.4.2 KitKat. Samsung has customized the interface with its TouchWiz Essence UX software. As well as apps from Google, including Google Play, Gmail and YouTube, it has access to Samsung apps such as ChatON, Voice Recorder, Calendar, Smart Remote (Peel)(WiFi Version Only), Smart Stay, Multi-Window, Group Play, and All Share Play.
The Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 is available in Wi-Fi-only, 3G & Wi-Fi, and 4G/LTE & WiFi variants. Storage ranges from 16 GB to 32 GB depending on the model, with a microSDXC card slot for expansion. It has an 8-inch WXGA TFT screen with a resolution of 1280×800 pixels. It also features a 1.3 MP front camera without flash and 3.0 MP Fixed Focus rear-facing camera. It also has the ability to record HD videos.


== See also ==
Samsung Galaxy Tab series
Samsung Electronics
Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 7.0
Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1


== References ==


== External links ==
Official User Manual
Sharrdushk is a village situated in the central plains of Albania's Western Lowlands region. It is part of Tirana County. At the 2015 local government reform it became part of the municipality Rrogozhinë.


== References ==
The MEAC men's basketball tournament (popularly known as the MEAC tournament) is the conference championship tournament in basketball for the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference (MEAC). The tournament has been held every year since 1972. It is a single-elimination tournament and seeding is based on regular season records. The winner, declared conference champion, receives the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA men's basketball tournament.


== Results ==
* Overtime


== Tournament championships by school ==


== Television coverage ==


== See also ==
MEAC women's basketball tournament


== References ==


== External links ==
MEACHoops.com – Official web site
"¿Por Qué Te Tengo Que Olvidar?" (English: Why Do I Have to Forget You?) is a ballad written by Luis Ángel, co-written by Edwin Apolinaris and Tommy Villarini, produced by Rudy Pérez, co-produced by Ricardo Eddy Martínez and performed by Puerto Rican-American singer-songwriter José Feliciano. The song was released as the lead single from the studio album Niña (1990). The track became Feliciano's first number-one single in the Billboard Top Latin Songs chart. The parent album, dedicated to her then newborn child, became commercially successful, peaking at number three in the Latin Pop Albums chart in the United States. Feliciano recorded the song after the end of a period in which he stayed away from the stage to devote time to his family and fulfilling his dream of hosting a radio program. The singer received a Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Performance for the song in the 33rd Annual Grammy Awards on 20 February 1991, his sixth Grammy Award overall.The song debuted on the Billboard Top Latin Songs chart (formerly Hot Latin Tracks) at number 23 in the week of 21 July 1990, climbing to the top ten four weeks later, peaking at number-one on 15 September 1990, holding this position for two weeks, replacing "Tengo Todo Excepto a Tí" by Mexican singer Luis Miguel, and being succeeded at the top by José José's "Amnesia". In 2000, a tribute to José Feliciano's work was released, entitled Guitarra Mia, with the participation of several performers including Marc Anthony, Son by Four, Gilberto Santa Rosa, Gisselle, Lucecita Benitez, Nydia Caro, Danny Rivera, Manny Manuel, Prodigio, and Ednita Nazario. This album includes a cover version of "¿Por Qué Te Tengo Que Olvidar?" by Millie Corretjer. Grupo Atrapado, Germán Montero, Vinicio Quezada, Johnny Ray, Eddie Santiago and Sergio Vargas have also recorded the song.Its music video was directed by Angel Garcia and he received a nomination for Best Director for the video in the Latin field at the 1990 Billboard Music Video Awards.It was nominated in the categor of Best Video by a Male Artist in the Latin field.


== References ==
Kappa Alpha Theta (ΚΑΘ), commonly referred to simply as Theta, is an international women’s fraternity founded on January 27, 1870, at DePauw University in Greencastle, Indiana. It was the first Greek-letter fraternity established for women. The fraternity (the term "sorority" had not yet been invented) was founded by four female students, Bettie Locke Hamilton, Alice Allen Brant, Bettie Tipton Lindsey, and Hannah Fitch Shaw. The organization has 147 chapters at colleges and universities in the United States and Canada. The organization was the first women's fraternity to establish a chapter in Canada. Theta's total living initiated membership, as of 2020, was more than 250,000. There are more than 200 alumnae chapters and circles worldwide.Kappa Alpha Theta is a member of the National Panhellenic Conference (NPC), an umbrella organization that encompasses 26 social sororities found throughout North America. The organization's own headquarters are located in Indianapolis, Indiana.


== History ==
The Alpha chapter of Kappa Alpha Theta was founded at Indiana Asbury University, now DePauw University in Greencastle, Indiana, on January 27, 1870. The university began admitting women in 1867 after 30 years of a male-only student body. However, women were excluded from male-only clubs and societies. In response to the lack of women's organizations, the fraternity's founding members established the first Greek letter women's organization.  The Founders were:

Elizabeth McReynolds Locke Hamilton (Bettie Locke)
Alice Olive Allen Brant (Alice Allen)
Elizabeth Tipton Lindsey (Bettie Tipton)
Hannah Virginia Fitch Shaw (Hannah Fitch)Bettie Locke developed the idea for a Greek letter women's society through the encouragement of her father, a professor at Indiana Asbury and a member of Beta Theta Pi, and the members of Phi Gamma Delta (FIJI) at Indiana Asbury, which included her brother. Initially, the collegiate men of FIJI offered Locke their badge as a token of their friendship, but voted against initiating her as a member. Locke refused to wear the badge as she did not know the secrets and purposes the badge represented, since she was unable to become a member. Ultimately, the fraternity gifted her a symbolic silver fruit basket instead to represent their relationship and fondness for her.
Upon discovering that there were no Greek letter fraternities for women in existence (only literary societies for women existed at the time), Locke decided to create her own Greek letter fraternity for women. Kappa Alpha Theta's ritual, organizational structure, badge, and coat of arms were influenced by those of Beta Theta Pi and Phi Gamma Delta due to her familial connections. Locke and her friend Alice Allen wrote a constitution, planned rituals, designed a badge, and sought out women on campus to become members. Along with Hannah Fitch and Bettie Tipton, the first initiation was held in secret on January 27, 1870, establishing the Alpha chapter of Kappa Alpha Theta.Theta's grand convention voted to establish a magazine in 1885 and to place its editorship with Kappa chapter at Kansas. In the intervening years, Kappa Alpha Theta's magazine has undergone a change of title from The Journal to The Kappa Alpha Theta Magazine and a change of publication schedule (from monthly to quarterly). The Kappa Alpha Theta Magazine currently is published in April, June, September, and December of each year.In 1887, Theta became an international organization with the establishment of the Sigma chapter at the University of Toronto. This became the first Canadian women's fraternity.G. William Domhoff, writing in Who Rules America?, listed Kappa Alpha Theta as one of "the four or five sororities with nationwide prestige" in the mid-1960s.


== Symbols ==
Kappa Alpha Theta's colors are black and gold. The official symbols are both the kite and twin stars, while the official flower is the black and gold pansy. The fraternity does not recognize an official stone. The badge is a black and gold kite with a white chevron in the middle.


== Chapters ==

Kappa Alpha Theta has more than 143 active college chapters and more than 212 alumnae chapters across the United States and Canada. Alumnae chapters are alumnae groups that have been granted charters from Grand Council. The following is a list of the chapters of Kappa Alpha Theta:


== Philanthropy ==
The Kappa Alpha Theta Foundation was founded in 1960 and is the philanthropic arm of the organization. The Theta Foundation awards annual undergraduate and graduate scholarships to its members, awarding more than $1.1 million per year. In addition to scholarships, the Theta Foundation also supports the sorority's educational programs as well as its international philanthropy, Court Appointed Special Advocates (CASA). Court Appointed Special Advocates (CASA's) are community volunteers who serve as the voice for abused and neglected foster care children who are going through the court system. CASA's are appointed by a judge and their purpose is to ensure all legal actions made are in the child's best interest. In order to directly volunteer at CASA you must be 21 years of age or older.


== Notable members ==

Some notable alumni of Kappa Alpha Theta include Agnes de Mille, Laura Bush, Barbara Bush, Jenna Bush, Tory Burch, Melinda French Gates, Amy Holmes, Sheryl Crow, Gretchen Whitmer, Kerri Strug, Rue McClanahan, Amy Grant, and Jennifer Cook O'Toole. 
Laura Bush was a member of the Beta Sigma chapter at Southern Methodist University in University Park, Texas. Her daughters Barbara and Jenna Bush were members at Yale University and the University of Texas at Austin, respectively. Tory Burch, an American fashion designer, businesswoman, and philanthropist was a member of Kappa Alpha Theta at the University of Pennsylvania, an Ivy League university in Philadelphia. Amy Holmes, an American journalist and political commentator, was a member of Kappa Alpha Theta at Princeton University. Sheryl Crow was a member at the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri. Gretchen Whitmer, Michigan's current governor, was a Theta at Michigan State University in East Lansing, Michigan. Amy Grant, an American singer, was a member of the Alpha Eta chapter at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee.The first women admitted to Phi Beta Kappa honor society were Thetas.


== Local chapter misconduct ==
In 2000, the chapter at the University of Cincinnati in Cincinnati was temporarily suspended for hazing. The pledges were forced to endure several demeaning tasks, one of which included crawling up the steps of the sorority house for the amusement of their big sisters.In 2000, the chapter at Rollins College in Winter Park, Florida was shut down after a drinking party sent newly pledged members to the hospital. One member passed out and was placed on a respirator that night.In 2008, the chapter at Colgate University in Hamilton, New York was suspended for four years after an alcohol-hazing related incident.In 2014, the chapter at Columbia University in New York City was under national scrutiny after hosting a racially and ethnically insensitive event that went viral. Some of the costumes worn by sorority members were based on stereotypes meant to represent Mexico, Japan, the Netherlands, Ireland, Jamaica, and other countries. The sorority publicly apologized for the event.In 2016, the 137-year old chapter at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, Michigan was suspended by the university for underage drinking and hazing. The chapter was disbanded by the national organization a few weeks later for violating the suspension.In 2018, chapters at the University of Mississippi in Oxford, Mississippi and Clemson University in Clemson, South Carolina were closed for failure to meet quota. There was a great deal of opposition, since members felt they were being unfairly punished, simply for being less popular than other National Panhellenic Conference (NPC) sororities on campus, and not for risk management or academic issues.In 2019, the president of the chapter at Randolph–Macon College in Ashland, Virginia was found to have hazed members of the organization living within the chapter facility.In February 2022, the members of the Eta Mu chapter at Occidental College in Los Angeles voted to disband the chapter following a controversy with a member, who reportedly sent anti-Asian and anti-Black messages in a private group chat among friends in a December 2020 incident that did not surface until two years later.


== References ==


== External links ==
Kappa Alpha Theta Fraternity
Kappa Alpha Theta Foundation
Kappa Alpha Theta Heritage
In cell biology, efferocytosis (from efferre, Greek for 'to take to the grave', 'to bury') is the process by which apoptotic cells are removed by phagocytic cells. It can be regarded as the 'burying of dead cells'.During efferocytosis, the cell membrane of phagocytic cells engulfs the apoptotic cell, forming a large fluid-filled vesicle containing the dead cell. This ingested vesicle is called an efferosome (in analogy to the term phagosome). This process is similar to macropinocytosis.


== Mechanism ==
For apoptosis, the effect of efferocytosis is that dead cells are removed before their membrane integrity is breached and their contents leak into the surrounding tissue. This prevents exposure of tissue to toxic enzymes, oxidants and other intracellular components such as proteases and caspases.Efferocytosis can be performed not only by 'professional' phagocytic cells such as macrophages or dendritic cells, but also by many other cell types including epithelial cells and fibroblasts. To distinguish them from living cells, apoptotic cells carry specific 'eat me' signals, such as the presence of phosphatidyl serine (resulting from phospholipid flip-flop) or calreticulin on the outer leaflet of the cell membrane.


== Down stream consequences ==
Efferocytosis triggers specific downstream intracellular signal transduction pathways, for example resulting in anti-inflammatory, anti-protease and growth-promoting effects. Conversely, impaired efferocytosis has been linked to autoimmune disease and tissue damage. Efferocytosis results in production by the ingesting cell of mediators such as hepatocyte- and vascular endothelial growth factor, which are thought to promote replacement of the dead cells.Specialized pro-resolving mediators are cell-derived metabolites of certain polyunsaturated fatty acids viz.: arachidonic acid which is metabolized to the lipoxins; eicosapentaenoic acid which is metabolized to the Resolvin E's; docosahexaenoic acid which is metabolized to the resolvin D's, maresins, and neuroprotectins; and n-3 docosapentaenoic acid which is metabolized to the n-3 docosapentaenoic acid-derived resolvins and n-3 docosapentaenoic acid-derived neuroprotectins (See Specialized pro-resolving mediators). These mediators possess a broad range of overlapping activities which act to resolve inflammation; one of the important activities which many of these mediators possess is the stimulation of efferocytosis in inflamed tissues. Failure to form sufficient amounts of these mediators is proposed to be one cause of chronic and pathological inflammatory responses (see Specialized pro-resolving mediators#SPM and inflammation).


== Clincal significance ==
Defective efferocytosis has been demonstrated in such diseases as cystic fibrosis and bronchiectasis, Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, asthma and idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, glomerulonephritis and atherosclerosis.


== Footnotes ==
Pocket Full of Kryptonite is the debut studio album by the American rock band Spin Doctors, released in August 1991. The album initially sold a respectable 60,000 copies in late 1991 due to its growing hardcore fanbase, before several radio stations (including WEQX in Vermont) started playing the single "Little Miss Can't Be Wrong" in mid-1992. The combined strength of the single along with the follow-up "Two Princes" led to the album's peak at Nos. 1 and 3 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers and Billboard 200 albums charts, respectively. It is currently the band's best selling album, and was certified 5× Platinum by the RIAA.It was remastered and reissued in 2011 as a 20th-anniversary edition, with a bonus track added to the original album and a second disc of demos previously released only on cassette, plus two live tracks.
The album's title is a quote from the opening track, "Jimmy Olsen's Blues", a humorous song sung from the point of view of Jimmy Olsen, a character in the Superman comic book series. In the song, Jimmy Olsen tries to woo Lois Lane away from Superman, stating "I got a pocket full of Kryptonite," referring to a fictional substance that weakens Superman. The album cover, showing a phone booth, refers to Clark Kent frequently ducking into a nearby phone booth to change into his Superman attire.


== Track listing ==


=== Original album ===

Notes

The live tracks on the European release also appear on the live album Homebelly Groove...Live (1992), and were recorded September 27, 1990, at Wetlands Preserve in New York.


=== 2011 anniversary edition disc 2 ===


== Personnel ==
Spin Doctors

Chris Barron – lead vocals
Eric Schenkman – guitar, backing vocals, lead vocals on "Off My Line", piano on "Forty or Fifty"
Mark White – bass
Aaron Comess – drums, organ, backing vocals on "Little Miss Can't Be Wrong", congas on "Forty or Fifty"Additional musicians

John Popper – harmonica on "More Than She Knows" and "Off My Line", backing vocals on "Two Princes"
John Bush – tambourine on "Off My Line", congas on "How Could You Want Him (When You Know You Could Have Me)?"Production

Producers: Frank Aversa, Peter Denenberg, Frankie LaRocka, Spin Doctors
Engineers: Frank Aversa, Peter Denenberg, Marc Schwartz, Spin Doctors
Assistant engineers: Jeff Lippay, Motley
Mixing: Peter Denenberg, Frankie La Rocka, Spin Doctors
Mastering: Ted Jensen at Sterling Sound, NYC
Production coordination: Jason J. Richardson
Guitar technician: Joseph Miselis
Equipment manager: John Darren Greene
Art direction: Francesca Restrepo
Photography: Paul Aresu, Paul LaRaia
Cover art: Darren Greene, Chris Gross, Nicky Lindeman
Liner notes: Cree McCree


== Charts ==


== Certifications ==


== References ==
The Walangama were an indigenous Australian people of the state of Queensland.


== Language ==
Walangama, now extinct, was one of the Paman languages. William Armit, a local police inspector writing in the 1880s, stated that Walangama differed markedly from all of the surrounding tribal languages, stating:

It is most unusual to find a language which differs so much from its neighbours and those of Australia generally as this.'
Norman Tindale says that an extensive vocabulary of Walangama was collected from informants in 1938.


== Country ==
Tindale estimated their territory as comprising some 3,200 square miles (8,300 km2), around Carron River and Walker Creek. Their western borders lay around Maggieville and Normanton, while to the east, their frontier was at Croydon. To their south, their confines were around the headwaters of Belmore Creek, and their northern extension ran up to Stirling along the southern side of the Gilbert River.


== People ==
The district Police Inspector William Armit, writing in 1882, wrote that they were:

bold and hostile, fine athletic fellows, of a coppery color, with curly hair, who make frequent raids on their neighbours, and murder a White man now and then when opportunity offers.


== Alternative names ==
Karan (scrublanders)
Wahlongman
Wallankammer
Wollangama
Wollangama
Wollongurmee


== Some words ==
albeyarroor ('mother')
noughtnoommer ('tame dog')
oinger ('white man')
uwer ('father')Source: Armit & Poigndestre 1886, p. 312


== Notes ==


=== Citations ===


== Sources ==
Moodu Mulla Bandham (transl. Three Knot Relation) is a 1980 Telugu-language drama film, produced by Rangana Aswartha Narayana and Poonathota Raghuram under the Gomatha Art Creations banner and directed by Muthyala Subbaiah. It stars Sarath Babu, Madhavi and Rajendra Prasad , with music composed by Satyam.


== Cast ==
Sarath Babu as Doctor
Madhavi as Radha
Rajendra Prasad as Murali
Vijayakala as Padma


== Soundtrack ==
Music was composed by Satyam. Lyrics were written by C. Narayana Reddy. Music was released on SEA Records Audio Company.


== References ==


== External links ==
Jabal Umm ad Dami, in historic Wadi Rum, is the highest mountain in Jordan. Its claimed elevation of 1,854 metres is consistent with SRTM data. It is located at 29°18′30″N 35°25′45″E, near to the border with Saudi Arabia in the Aqaba Governorate of Jordan.


== See also ==
List of elevation extremes by country


== References ==
The Narrow Margin is a 1952 American film noir starring Charles McGraw and  Marie Windsor. Directed by Richard Fleischer, the RKO picture was  written by Earl Felton, based on an unpublished story written by Martin Goldsmith and Jack Leonard. The screenplay by Earl Felton was nominated for an Academy Award.A police detective plays a deadly game of cat-and-mouse aboard a train with mob assassins out to stop a slain gangster's widow before she can testify before a grand jury.


== Plot ==
Detective Sergeant Walter Brown of the LAPD and his partner, Sergeant Gus Forbes, are assigned to protect Frankie Neall, a mob boss's widow, as she rides a train from Chicago to Los Angeles to testify before a grand jury. She also carries a payoff list that belonged to her murdered husband. The mob's hitmen do not know what she looks like.
As the detectives and Mrs. Neall leave her apartment, they are waylaid by Densel, a mob assassin. Forbes is shot to death, and Densel, wounded by Brown, escapes. At the train station, Brown discovers that he has been followed by gangster Joseph Kemp. Each man knows the other is a mortal enemy. With the help of a conductor, Kemp comes into Brown's room under the pretense that he is looking for lost luggage.
Kemp tries to open the door to the next compartment, where Mrs. Neall hides, but Brown tells the conductor that the room is empty, and Kemp and the conductor leave. Brown knows that Kemp will come back to her room, so he hides Neall in the ladies room with all of her luggage, and goes to the dining car so Kemp will know that the room is unguarded. Kemp goes back and searches both rooms, finding nothing. Kemp later returns to the dining car, which Brown leaves to escort Neall back to her room. Later, mobster Vincent Yost meets Brown and unsuccessfully tries to bribe him into pointing out Neall and abandoning her, appealing to both his greed and his fear (Brown tells Yost he is under arrest for bribery but Brown is out of his jurisdiction so he has no arresting authority). He even suggests that Brown could use the bribe to help the family of his murdered partner, Gus Forbes.
By chance, Brown makes friends with passenger Ann Sinclair and her young son Tommy. When Kemp spots Brown with her, he mistakes Ann for Neall. After Brown beats him up in a fight and questions him, the policeman learns of the mistake. Brown again attempts an arrest without arresting authority. But this time, he turns Kemp over to railroad agent Sam Jennings and hurries to warn Ann. Densel, however, has boarded the train during a stop at La Junta, Colorado, and waylays Jennings, freeing Kemp.
Brown tries to explain to Ann that mobsters on the train plan to kill her, mistakenly believing she is Neall. However, she stuns him by revealing that she is the real Neall. The woman he has been protecting is an undercover policewoman, a decoy, and Brown was not told of either woman's true identity in case he might be corrupt. Ann had earlier mailed the payoff list to the Los Angeles District Attorney. Meanwhile, Densel and Kemp search for the payoff list and discover the fake Neall in her compartment; the music from her record player gives her away. They break into her room, and Densel shoots her dead as she tries to sneak her gun out of her purse. Then Kemp discovers a badge and police identification, identifying her as Chicago policewoman Sarah Meggs, hidden within her record player.
Densel, deducing the truth, goes for Ann. Her door is locked, but he knocks on the next door. Tommy opens and Densel enters, grabbing him. Densel knocks on the interior door to Ann's room and threatens to kill Tommy if she does not open. She complies, and he pushes Tommy away. Densel then locks himself in with Ann and demands the payoff list. Brown and Jennings later arrive. Densel is trapped but has Ann as hostage. Brown uses the reflection from the window of a train on the next track to see into Ann's compartment, and he shoots Densel through the door without endangering her. Brown then enters the compartment and finishes Densel off with more shots. Kemp jumps off the train and heads for accomplices in a car nearby, but they are all quickly arrested. The train arrives in Los Angeles, and Brown escorts Ann from the station toward the court house. She chooses to walk with Brown the two blocks straight to testify rather than sneak out under cover.


== Cast ==
Charles McGraw as Det. Sgt. Walter Brown
Marie Windsor as Mrs. Frankie Neall
Jacqueline White as Ann Sinclair
Peter Virgo as Densel
Gordon Gebert as Tommy Sinclair
Queenie Leonard as Mrs. Troll
David Clarke as Joseph Kemp
Don Beddoe as Det. Sgt. Gus Forbes
Paul Maxey as Sam Jennings
Peter Brocco as Vincent Yost


== Production ==
The film was based on a story by Martin Goldsmith and Jack Leonard titled Target, whose rights were acquired by RKO in 1950.Target was the film's working title.The film's train followed a similar route to that of the real-life Super Chief. However, exterior shots vary throughout the film and rely on stock footage, rather than show the actual model. Los Angeles' Union Station also stands in for Chicago's Dearborn Station. Scenes aboard the train were shot on a soundstage at RKO Studios, using rear projection for background landscapes. The film was shot in just 13 days, and made extensive use of a handheld camera to film within the confined sets without having to remove their walls, an innovative practice at the time. While a few instances of diegetic music can be heard in the movie, it is also notable for the absence of a traditional score.According to Richard Fleischer, RKO owner Howard Hughes was so taken with the film he considered reshooting most of it with Robert Mitchum and Jane Russell to release it as an A picture. While extensive reshoots did not happen, William Cameron Menzies did film a few additional scenes. The Narrow Margin's release was held up for two years after its completion. Reasons given for the delay have varied from Hughes' indecision to coaxing the in-demand Fleischer into doing more work for the mogul. Hughes did assign Fleischer to reshoot sections of the Mitchum–Russell film, His Kind of Woman, with the screenwriter of Margin, Earl Felton, providing uncredited rewrites for the latter picture.


== Reception ==


=== Critical response ===
The Narrow Margin is considered by critics and film historians to be a classic example of film noir. Well received at the time of its release, the production was made as a model B movie. In 1952, critic Howard Thompson of The New York Times gave high marks to the low-budget film:Using a small cast of comparative unknowns, headed by Charles McGraw, Marie Windsor and Jacqueline White, this inexpensive Stanley Rubin production for R.K.O. is almost a model of electric tension that, at least technically, nudges some of the screen's thriller milestones. Crisply performed and written and directed by Earl Felton and Richard Fleischer with tingling economy, this unpretentious offering should glue anyone to the edge of his seat and prove, once and for all, that a little can be made to count for a lot.
Later, in 2005, film critic Dennis Schwartz said, "A breathtakingly suspenseful low-budget crime thriller that is flawlessly directed ... The fast-paced pulpish taut story is filled with tense incidents and a well-executed twist."The review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 100% of critics gave the film a positive review, based on 10 reviews.


=== Noir analysis ===
Film critic Blake Lucas makes the case that The Narrow Margin reflects the "noir view" of an unstable and deceiving moral reality.


=== Awards and honors ===
Academy Award for Best Writing (Motion Picture Story), Earl Felton, 1953. (nominated)


== Adaptation ==
The film was remade as Narrow Margin with Anne Archer and Gene Hackman in 1990. It was directed by Peter Hyams. Hackman's performance was praised, but the later version is generally considered a lesser work compared to the original movie.


== References ==


== External links ==
The Narrow Margin at the American Film Institute Catalog
The Narrow Margin at IMDb 
The Narrow Margin at AllMovie
The Narrow Margin at the TCM Movie Database
The Narrow Margin film trailer on YouTube
Abdallah Banda Abakaer Nourain (Arabic: عبد الله باندا أباكر نورين), commonly referred to as Abdallah Banda (عبد الله باندا), was the Commander-in-Chief of the Justice and Equality Movement (JEM) Collective-Leadership, one of the components of the United Resistance Front. As of June 2019, he is wanted for trial before the International Criminal Court for three counts of war crimes allegedly committed during the Haskanita raids against African Union peacekeepers within the context of the Darfur conflict in Sudan.


== Birth and ethnicity ==
According to information from the International Criminal Court, Abdallah Banda was born in or around 1963 in Wai, Dar Kobe, North Darfur. He is a member of the Zaghawa tribe.


== Haskanita raids ==

On the evening of 29 September 2007, groups led by Banda and Jerbo are alleged to have attacked African Union Mission in Sudan (AMIS) soldiers at the Haskanita Military Group Site in Umm Kadada in North Darfur. A total of 12 AMIS peace keepers were killed.


== ICC proceedings ==
After the Darfur situation was referred to the ICC by the United Nations Security Council through its Resolution 1593 on 31 March 2005 the Darfur conflict has been under the jurisdiction of the ICC. The Prosecutor of the Court opened an investigation on 6 June 2005.
On 27 August 2009, summons to appear were issued against Banda and Jerbo under seal. They were unsealed on 15 June 2010, immediately before the two suspects' voluntary initial appearance before the Court. They were charged with three counts of war crimes: violence to life, pillaging and attacking peacekeepers.
After the confirmation of charges hearing on 8 December 2010, the charges were confirmed and the suspects committed to trial on 7 March 2011.
The ICC issued an arrest warrant in September 2014. His trial was indefinitely postponed while waiting for his arrest. As of June 2019, Banda remained at large.


== References ==
"Feel It in My Bones" is a song recorded by Dutch DJ and record producer Tiësto, featuring Canadian band Tegan and Sara. It was released as the third single from Tiësto's fourth studio album, Kaleidoscope, on 7 September 2009. It was given a full single release on 4 June 2010.The song came about after the twins received a number of tracks from Tiësto and they "honed in on something that we liked".They have called it their first true collaboration, with Tegan saying that "it was a true collaboration; there's like two sections that Sara wrote, and three that I wrote."The music video for "Feel It in My Bones" premiered on Tiësto's official YouTube channel on 13 January 2010.


== Track listing ==
Digital download (1)"Feel It in My Bones" – 4:52Digital download (2)"Feel It in My Bones" (Radio Edit) – 3:25
"Feel It in My Bones" (Marcus Schössow Remix) – 7:05
"Feel It in My Bones" (Paul Miller & Sasha Dubrovsky vs. Suncatcher Remix) – 8:07
"Feel It in My Bones" (Paul Webster Remix) – 8:20
"Feel It in My Bones" (Album Version) – 4:52


== Charts ==


=== Weekly charts ===


=== Year-end charts ===


== Certifications ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Official music video on YouTube
Cerro Capurata, also known as Elena Capurata or Quimsachatas is a stratovolcano in the Andes of Bolivia and Chile. To the south of Capurata lies Cerro Casparata and straight west Guallatiri, which shares a near-identical elevation with Capurata.


== Geography and geomorphology ==
It is on the border of the Parinacota Province of Chile (Putre commune) and of the Bolivian province of Sajama (commune Turco). Compared to Acotango and Humurata, Capurata's rocks are relatively well preserved. Some hydrothermal alteration, partly associated with fumarolic activity, is present however. The total volume of the edifice is 19 cubic kilometres (4.6 cu mi) and has been eroded by glaciers. The volcano is formed by lava domes, lava flows and pyroclastic flows. Sulfur deposits formed by solfataras are also found on Capurata. The west side of the mountain is covered with snow and ice. Two crater depressions on the summit have an appearance that suggests a Holocene age.


== Incan Ruins and First Ascent ==
A 10 by 5 metres (33 ft × 16 ft) ruin towards the northern site of the summit. The structure was probably built by the Inkas and it was photographed by Pedro Hauck during his last ascent in 2014. The first recorded climb is by Pedro Rosende and Ignacio Morlans (Chile) in 10/07/1967.


== Elevation ==
It has an official height of 5990 metres, but handheld GPS devices have indicated that it is actually 6,013 metres (19,728 ft) or 6,014 metres (19,731 ft) high.


== See also ==
Salla Qullu
List of mountains in the Andes


== Notes ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Elevation information about Capurata 
Weather Forecast at Capurata
Musicians and Soldiers is a circa 1626 painting by the French Caravaggisto Valentin de Boulogne. It is now in the Musée des Beaux-Arts of Strasbourg, France. Its inventory number is 1280.The painting depicts a milieu that Valentin de Boulogne knew very well and frequently used as a pictorial motive: Roman nightlife, with drinkers and musicians in an inn. At the center of the painting, but in the background, stands an androgynous female tambourine player; to her left and on an edge of the table sits a just as androgynous male violin player, who dominates the composition by his size. The mood of the two drinkers and of the three musicians is one of pensiveness, and the whole painting is pervaded with melancholy.


== References ==


== External links ==

Musiciens et Soldats, presentation on the museum's website
Hans Theyer (1884–1955) was an Austrian cinematographer. From 1907, Theyer travelled around the world as a newsreel cameraman for Pathé. Theyer’s work took him as far as China, Alaska, the South Sea Islands, Africa and the Middle East. In January 1914, Theyer was employed as a cinematographer for the German Messter film studio. At the outbreak of World War I he was assigned by Messter to the German War Office to produce films on the German war effort. In January 1915, Theyer was sent to the Western Front and to occupied Belgium to record a film together with American film correspondent Albert K. Dawson.
Parts of this footage have been located in the film archives of the Library of Congress by film historians Ron van Dopperen and Cooper C. Graham while researching their book American Cinematographers in the Great War.In 1916, Theyer returned to Vienna and joined producer Alexander Kolowrat who had set up film propaganda productions for the Austrian war effort.


== Selected filmography ==
Serge Panine (1922)
A Vanished World (1922)
Masters of the Sea (1922)
Miss Madame (1923)
Children of the Revolution (1923)
The Moon of Israel (1924)
The Revenge of the Pharaohs (1925)
The Master of Death (1926)
Der Rosenkavalier (1926)
The Family without Morals (1927)
The Criminal of the Century (1928)
The Woman of Yesterday and Tomorrow (1928)
Ship of Girls (1929)
Archduke John (1929)
Devotion (1929)
The Midnight Waltz (1929)
Kult ciała (1930)
The Deed of Andreas Harmer (1930)
Adventures on the Lido (1933)
The Fairy Doll (1936)


== Bibliography ==
Jung, Uli & Schatzberg, Walter. Beyond Caligari: The Films of Robert Wiene. Berghahn Books, 1999.


== References ==


== External links ==
Hans Theyer at IMDb
Herzberg Castle (German: Schloss Herzberg) is a German schloss in Herzberg am Harz in the district of Göttingen in the state of Lower Saxony. The present-day, quadrangular building has its origins in the 11th century as a medieval castle. After a fire in 1510 it was rebuilt as a schloss and is one of the few in Lower Saxony that was constructed as a timber-framed building. Because it belonged to the House of Welf for 700 years it is also known as the Welf Castle of Herzberg (Welfenschloss Herzberg).


== Geography ==
Herzberg Castle stands on a wooded eminence (275 m above sea level (NN)) immediately above and west of the centre of the town of Herzberg am Harz, which lies on the southwestern edge of the Harz Mountains. A stretch of the River Sieber runs past the castle to the north.


== Architecture ==
The present castle is an enclosed four-winged building with a rectangular courtyard (40 x 58 m) and was rebuilt after a serious fire in November 1510. Since the new castle was completed in 1528 its basements have been made of sandstone. One wing has an upper storey of stone, while the upper floors of the other three wings have been constructed using timber-framing. Its access through a gate tower and adjoining barbican has been retained. The old castle and the inner courtyard of the new one are entered after passing through the two-story gatehouse. The castle tower, known as the Clock Tower (Uhrturm), was built in the eastern corner. Its three upper storeys are made of timber.


== History ==
Originally the schloss was a medieval castle that was based on a hunting lodge built on the spot between 1024 and 1029. The castle was probably built at the behest of King, later Emperor, Lothair III, known as Lothair of Süpplingenburg.
In 1144, Herzberg Castle was given to the von Göttingen family of ministeriales from Bavaria by the House of Welf, who charged them with maintaining the castle and its surroundings. Previously, Count Hermann of Lutterberge had lived here, but he died in 1143 without any heirs who could inherit the fiefdom. The castle was first recorded in 1143 and, in 1158, it finally became a Welf allodial possession as the result of an exchange of property between Frederick Barbarossa and the Welf, Henry the Lion. Henry the Lion gave up estates inherited through his first wife, Clementia of Zähringen in Swabia. Since then the castle has been in Welf hands uninterruptedly for 708 years until the demise of the Kingdom of Hanover in 1866.
Empress Maria of Brabant, widow of Emperor Otto IV, made out a deed at the Hertsberg in 1218, thus the castle was an imperial residence for a short while. In 1279 the castle served as the residence for the widow of Duke Albert the Great. From 1337 to 1714 the castle was a ducal residence almost continuously.

In 1290 the castle became the residence of the Welf line of Brunswick-Grubenhagen, which was formed around this time. From 1486 the dukes of the Principality of Grubenhagen lived here until they died out in 1596. Thereafter the estate was transferred to the Welf line of Brunswick-Lüneburg.
There was a major fire at the castle in 1510. The lord of the castle, Duke Philip I, his wife, Catharine, and their son, Philip, were rescued at the last minute from the rapidly engulfing flames. The duke's shield bearer and the duchess's chambermaid died in the fire.
Duke George of Brunswick and Lüneburg lived in the castle until 1635 with his wife, the Landgravine Anne Eleanor of Hesse-Darmstadt. In 1629, the first Elector of Hanover was born here, Ernest Augustus, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg.
In 1714 the schloss was given up as a residence and from 1882 it was the seat of the district court of Herzberg. In 1900 a museum was established in the castle. Although the castle had survived largely undamaged by fire over the centuries, it suffered severe damage at the end of the Second World War, which has since been repaired. On the night of 4 April 1945, there was a mighty explosion at a nearby ammunition dump, where 40,000 kg of explosives and 8,000 mines had been stored. This blew the roof off the castle and, in the wake of the explosion, the museum was destroyed and probably looted. In 1947, further damage was caused when some nearby military bunkers were blown up.
Today the castle houses a small cultural centre with a restaurant, a museum and the great hall, which is used for various cultural events. The museum portrays the history of the forestry industry in the Harz, the castle's history and that of the Welfs. Other exhibition areas present the history of Herzberg arms manufacture as well as the work of Herzberg organ maker Johann Andreas Engelhardt. In part of the permanent exhibition there is a facsimile of the Gospels of Henry the Lion, a masterpiece of Romanesque book illumination of the 12th century containing the four Gospel accounts.


== See also ==


== Sources ==
Ernst Andreas Friedrich: Wenn Steine reden könnten. Bd 4. Landbuch-Verlag, Hannover 1998, ISBN 3-7842-0558-5
Hans Adolf Schultz: Burgen und Schlösser des Braunschweiger Landes, Braunschweig 1980, ISBN 3-87884-012-8
Phillip Julius Rehtmeier: Historische Beschreibung S. 311, Braunschweig 1722
Jürgen Wilke, Die Geschichte des Wappens der Stadt Herzberg/Harz S. 1-33 + Literaturverzeichnis, Göttingen 1998
Wolfenbüttel Nds.StA. 1 Urk. 2
Die Chronik Arnolds von Lübeck. Nach der Ausgabe der Monumenta Germaniae, übersetzt von Dr. J.C.M. Laurent, Berlin 1853


== External links ==

Museum Schloss Herzberg Castle Museum Archived 2012-03-15 at the Wayback Machine (in German)
Geological location of the castle and aerial photo (in German)
Architectural details of Herzberg Castle at karstwanderweg.de (in German)
Yale French Studies is an academic journal published biannually by Yale University Press and connected with the French department at Yale University. It was established in 1948 by editor Robert Greer Cohn, and is currently edited by Alyson Waters. The premier issue was devoted entirely to existentialism. It featured scenes from the play Les mains sales by Jean Paul Sartre and essays by renowned literary scholars.


== External links ==
Official Web Site at Yale University Press
Torstein Flakne (born December 17, 1960, in Trondheim, Norway) is a Norwegian singer and guitarist, best known for being the founder of the Norwegian rock band Stage Dolls. He is from Melhus and played in the band The Kids before founding Stage Dolls in 1985.


== Discography ==


=== Studio albums ===
Shoot the Moon (1995, Mercury)"All & Everything"
"Walkaway"
"Heart of a Woman"
"The Only One"
"Cryin' Over You"
"Big Wheels"
"It Won't Happen Here"
"Divorcee"
"Hallelujah Preachers"
"The Waiting Kind"
"Trouble"
"Sweet Dreams"


== References ==
Martina Navratilova and Pam Shriver were the defending champions, but Navratilova did not compete this year. Shriver teamed up with Manon Bollegraf and lost in first round to Debbie Graham and Brenda Schultz.
Katrina Adams and Zina Garrison-Jackson won the title by defeating Amy Frazier and Kimberly Po 7–6(9–7), 6–3 in the final.


== Seeds ==


== Draw ==


=== Key ===


=== Draw ===


== References ==
Official results archive (ITF) Archived 2020-08-12 at the Wayback Machine
Official results archive (WTA)
Since the Iron Age in India, the native languages of the Indian subcontinent are divided into various language families, of which the Indo-Aryan and the Dravidian are the most widely spoken. There are also many languages belonging to unrelated language families such as Munda (from Austroasiatic family) and Tibeto-Burman (from Trans-Himalayan family), spoken by smaller groups.


== Indo-Aryan languages ==


=== Proto-Indo-Aryan ===

Proto-Indo-Aryan is a proto-language hypothesized to have been the direct ancestor of all Indo-Aryan languages. It would have had similarities to Proto-Indo-Iranian, but would ultimately have used Sanskritized phonemes and morphemes.


=== Old Indo-Aryan ===


==== Vedic Sanskrit ====

Vedic Sanskrit is the language of the Vedas, a large collection of hymns, incantations, and religio-philosophical discussions which form the earliest religious texts in India and the basis for much of the Hindu religion. Modern linguists consider the metrical hymns of the Rigveda to be the earliest. The hymns preserved in the Rigveda were preserved by oral tradition alone over several centuries before the introduction of writing, the oldest Aryan language among them predating the introduction of Brahmi by as much as a millennium.The end of the Vedic period is marked by the composition of the Upanishads, which form the concluding part of the Vedic corpus in the traditional compilations, dated to roughly 500 BCE. It is around this time that Sanskrit began the transition from a first language to a second language of religion and learning, marking the beginning of Classical India.


==== Classical Sanskrit ====

The oldest language surviving Sanskrit grammar is Panini's Aṣṭādhyāyī ("Eight-Chapter Grammar") dating to c. the 5th century BCE. It is essentially a prescriptive grammar, i.e., an authority that defines (rather than describes) correct Sanskrit, although it contains descriptive parts, mostly to account for Vedic forms that had already passed out of use in Pāṇini's time.
Knowledge of Sanskrit was a marker of social class and educational attainment.
Vedic Sanskrit and Classical or "Paninian" Sanskrit, while broadly similar, are separate varieties, which differ in a number of points of phonology, vocabulary, and grammar.


=== Middle Indo-Aryan ===


==== Prakrits ====

Prakrit (Sanskrit prākṛta प्राकृत, the past participle of प्राकृ, meaning "original, natural, artless, normal, ordinary, usual", i.e. "vernacular", in contrast to samskrta "excellently made", both adjectives elliptically referring to vak "speech") is the broad family of Indo-Aryan languages and dialects spoken in ancient India. Some modern scholars include all Middle Indo-Aryan languages under the rubric of "Prakrits", while others emphasise the independent development of these languages, often separated from the history of Sanskrit by wide divisions of caste, religion, and geography.
The Prakrits became literary languages, generally patronized by kings identified with the kshatriya caste. The earliest inscriptions in Prakrit are those of Ashoka, emperor of the Maurya Empire, and while the various Prakrit languages are associated with different patron dynasties, with different religions and different literary traditions.
In Sanskrit drama, kings speak in Prakrit when addressing women or servants, in contrast to the Sanskrit used in reciting more formal poetic monologues.
The three Dramatic Prakrits – Sauraseni, Magadhi, Maharashtri, as well as Jain Prakrit each represent a distinct tradition of literature within the history of India. Other Prakrits are reported in historical sources, but have no extant corpus (e.g., Paisaci).


===== Pali =====

Pali is the Middle Indo-Aryan language in which the Theravada Buddhist scriptures and commentaries are preserved. Pali is believed by the Theravada tradition to be the same language as Magadhi, but modern scholars believe this to be unlikely. Pali shows signs of development from several underlying Prakrits as well as some Sanskritisation.
The Prakrit of the North-western area of India known as Gāndhāra has come to be called Gāndhārī. A few documents are written in the Kharoṣṭhi script survive including a version of the Dhammapada.


==== Apabhraṃśa/Apasabda ====

The Prakrits (which includes Pali) were gradually transformed into Apabhraṃśas (अपभ्रंश) which were used until about the 13th century CE. The term apabhraṃśa, meaning "fallen away", refers to the dialects of Northern India before the rise of modern Northern Indian languages, and implies a corrupt or non-standard language. A significant amount of apabhraṃśa literature has been found in Jain libraries. While Amir Khusro and Kabir were writing in a language quite similar to modern Hindi-Urdu, many poets, especially in regions that were still ruled by Hindu kings, continued to write in Apabhraṃśa. Apabhraṃśa authors include Sarahapad of Kamarupa, Devasena of Dhar (9th century CE), Pushpadanta of Manikhet (9th century CE), Dhanapal, Muni Ramsimha, Hemachandra of Patan, Raighu of Gwalior (15th century CE). An early example of the use of Apabhraṃśa is in Vikramōrvaśīyam of Kalidasa, when Pururava asks the animals in the forest about his beloved who had disappeared.


=== Modern Indo-Aryan ===


==== Hindustani ====

Hindustani is right now the most spoken language in the Indian subcontinent and the fourth most spoken language in the world. The development of Hindustani revolves around the various Hindi dialects originating mainly from Sauraseni Apabhramsha. A Jain text Shravakachar written in 933AD is considered the first Hindi book. Modern Hindi is based on the prestigious Khariboli dialect which started to take Persian and Arabic words too with the establishment of the Delhi Sultanate; however, the Arabic-Persian influence was profound mainly on Urdu and to a lesser extent on Hindi.Khadiboli also started to spread across North India as a vernacular form previously commonly known as Hindustani. Amir Khusrow wrote poems in Khariboli and Brajbhasha and referred that language as Hindavi. During the Bhakti era, many poems were composed in Khariboli, Brajbhasa, and Awadhi. One such classic is Ramcharitmanas, written by Tulsidas in Awadhi. In 1623 Jatmal wrote a book in Khariboli with the name 'Gora Badal ki Katha'.
The establishment of British rule in the subcontinent saw the clear division of Hindi and Urdu registers. This period also saw the rise of modern Hindi literature starting with Bharatendu Harishchandra. This period also shows further Sanskritization of the Hindi language in literature. Hindi is right now the official language in nine states of India— Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Rajasthan, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Uttarakhand, Haryana and Himachal Pradesh—and the National Capital Territory of Delhi. Post-independence Hindi became the official language of the Central Government of India along with English. Urdu has been the national and official language of Pakistan as well as the lingua franca of the country.
Outside the India, Hindustani is widely understood in other parts of the Indian subcontinent and also used as a lingua franca, and is the main language of Bollywood.


==== Marathi ====
Marathi is one of several languages that further descend from Maharashtri Prakrit. Further change led to the Apabhraṃśa languages like Old Marathi, however, this is challenged by Bloch (1970), who states that Apabhraṃśa was formed after Marathi had already separated from the Middle Indian dialect. The earliest example of Maharashtri as a separate language dates to approximately 3rd century BCE: a stone inscription found in a cave at Naneghat, Junnar in Pune district had been written in Maharashtri using Brahmi script. A committee appointed by the Maharashtra State Government to get the Classical status for Marathi has claimed that Marathi existed at least 2300 years ago alongside Sanskrit as a sister language. Marathi, a derivative of Maharashtri, is probably first attested in a 739 CE copper-plate inscription found in Satara After 1187 CE, the use of Marathi grew substantially in the inscriptions of the Seuna (Yadava) kings, who earlier used Kannada and Sanskrit in their inscriptions. Marathi became the dominant language of epigraphy during the last half century of the dynasty's rule (14th century), and may have been a result of the Yadava attempts to connect with their Marathi-speaking subjects and to distinguish themselves from the Kannada-speaking Hoysalas.Marathi gained prominence with the rise of the Maratha Empire beginning with the reign of Shivaji (1630–1680). Under him, the language used in administrative documents became less persianised. Whereas in 1630, 80% of the vocabulary was Persian, it dropped to 37% by 1677 The British colonial period starting in early 1800s saw standardisation of Marathi grammar through the efforts of the Christian missionary William Carey. Carey's dictionary had fewer entries and Marathi words were in Devanagari. Translations of the Bible were first books to be printed in Marathi. These translations by William Carey, the 
American Marathi mission and the Scottish missionaries led to the development of a peculiar pidginized Marathi called "Missionary Marathi” in the early 1800s.After Indian independence, Marathi was accorded the status of a scheduled language on the national level. In 1956, the then Bombay state was reorganized which brought most Marathi and Gujarati speaking areas under one state. Further re-organization of the Bombay state on 1 May 1960, created the Marathi speaking Maharashtra and Gujarati speaking Gujarat state respectively. With state and cultural protection, Marathi made great strides by the 1990s.


== Dravidian languages ==

The Dravidian family of languages includes approximately 73 languages that are mainly spoken in southern India and northeastern Sri Lanka, as well as certain areas in Pakistan, Nepal, Bangladesh, and eastern and central India, as well as in parts of southern Afghanistan, and overseas in other countries such as the United Kingdom, United States, Canada, Malaysia and Singapore.
The origins of the Dravidian languages, as well as their subsequent development and the period of their differentiation, are unclear, and the situation is not helped by the lack of comparative linguistic research into the Dravidian languages.
Many linguists, however, tend to favor the theory that speakers of Dravidian languages spread southwards and eastwards through the Indian subcontinent, based on the fact that the southern Dravidian languages show some signs of contact with linguistic groups which the northern Dravidian languages do not. Proto-Dravidian is thought to have differentiated into Proto-North Dravidian, Proto-Central Dravidian and Proto-South Dravidian around 1500 BCE,although some linguists have argued that the degree of differentiation between the sub-families points to an earlier split.
It was not until 1856 that Robert Caldwell published his Comparative grammar of the Dravidian or South-Indian family of languages, which considerably expanded the Dravidian umbrella and established it as one of the major language groups of the world. Caldwell coined the term "Dravidian" from the Sanskrit drāvida, related to the word 'Tamil' or 'Tamilan', which is seen in such forms as into 'Dramila', 'Drami˜a', 'Dramida' and 'Dravida'  which was used in a 7th-century text to refer to the languages of the southern India. The Dravidian Etymological Dictionary was published by T. Burrow and M. B. Emeneau.


=== History of Tamil ===

Linguistic reconstruction suggests that Proto-Dravidian was spoken around the 6th millennium BCE. The material evidence suggests that the speakers of Proto-Dravidian were the culture associated with the Neolithic complexes of South India. The next phase in the reconstructed proto-history of Tamil is Proto-South Dravidian. The linguistic evidence suggests that Proto-South Dravidian was spoken around the middle of the 2nd millennium BCE and Old Tamil emerged around the 6th century BCE. The earliest epigraphic attestations of Tamil are generally taken to have been written shortly thereafter. Among Indian languages, Tamil has one of the ancient Indian literature besides others.Scholars categorise the attested history of the language into three periods, Old Tamil (400 BCE – 700 CE), Middle Tamil (700–1600) and Modern Tamil (1600–present).


==== Old Tamil ====
The earliest records in Old Tamil are short inscriptions from around the 6th century BCE in caves and on pottery. These inscriptions are written in a variant of the Brahmi script called Tamil Brahmi. The earliest long text in Old Tamil is the Tolkāppiyam, an early work on Tamil grammar and poetics, whose oldest layers could be as old as the 2nd century BCE. A large number of literary works in Old Tamil have also survived. These include a corpus of 2,381 poems collectively known as Sangam literature. These poems are usually dated to between the 1st and 5th centuries CE, which makes them the oldest extant body of secular literature in India. Other literary works in Old Tamil include two long epics, Cilappatikaram and Manimekalai, and a number of ethical and didactic texts, written between the 5th and 8th centuries.Old Tamil preserved some features of Proto-Dravidian, including the inventory of consonants, the syllable structure, and various grammatical features. Amongst these was the absence of a distinct present tense – like Proto-Dravidian, Old Tamil only had two tenses, the past and the "non-past". Old Tamil verbs also had a distinct negative conjugation (e.g. kāṇēṉ (காணேன்) "I do not see", kāṇōm (காணோம்) "we do not see"). Nouns could take pronominal suffixes like verbs to express ideas: e.g. peṇṭirēm (பெண்டிரேம்) "we are women" formed from peṇṭir (பெண்டிர்) "women" + -ēm (ஏம்) and the first person plural marker.Despite the significant amount of grammatical and syntactical change between Old, Middle and Modern Tamil, Tamil demonstrates grammatical continuity across these stages: many characteristics of the later stages of the language have their roots in features of Old Tamil.


==== Middle Tamil ====
The evolution of Old Tamil into Middle Tamil, which is generally taken to have been completed by the 8th century, was characterised by a number of phonological and grammatical changes. In phonological terms, the most important shifts were the virtual disappearance of the aytam (ஃ), an old phoneme, the coalescence of the alveolar and dental nasals, and the transformation of the alveolar plosive into a rhotic. In grammar, the most important change was the emergence of the present tense. The present tense evolved out of the verb kil (கில்), meaning "to be possible" or "to befall". In Old Tamil, this verb was used as an aspect marker to indicate that an action was micro-durative, non-sustained or non-lasting, usually in combination with a time marker such as ṉ (ன்). In Middle Tamil, this usage evolved into a present tense marker – kiṉṟ (கின்ற) – which combined the old aspect and time markers.Middle Tamil also saw a significant increase in the Sanskritisation of Tamil. From the period of the Pallava dynasty onwards, a number of Sanskrit loan-words entered Tamil, particularly in relation to political, religious and philosophical concepts. Sanskrit also influenced Tamil grammar, in the increased use of cases and in declined nouns becoming adjuncts of verbs, and phonology. The Tamil script also changed in the period of Middle Tamil. Tamil Brahmi and Vaṭṭeḻuttu, into which it evolved, were the main scripts used in Old Tamil inscriptions. From the 8th century onwards, however, the Pallavas began using a new script, derived from the Pallava Grantha script which was used to write Sanskrit, which eventually replaced Vaṭṭeḻuttu.Middle Tamil is attested in a large number of inscriptions, and in a significant body of secular and religious literature. These include the religious poems and songs of the Bhakthi poets, such as the Tēvāram verses on Saivism and Nālāyira Tivya Pirapantam on Vaishnavism, and adaptations of religious legends such as the 12th-century Tamil Ramayana composed by Kamban and the story of 63 shaivite devotees known as Periyapurāṇam. Iraiyaṉār Akapporuḷ, an early treatise on love poetics, and Naṉṉūl, a 12th-century grammar that became the standard grammar of literary Tamil, are also from the Middle Tamil period.


==== Modern Tamil ====
The Nannul remains the standard normative grammar for modern literary Tamil, which therefore continues to be based on Middle Tamil of the 13th century rather than on Modern Tamil. Colloquial spoken Tamil, in contrast, shows a number of changes. The negative conjugation of verbs, for example, has fallen out of use in Modern Tamil – negation is, instead, expressed either morphologically or syntactically. Modern spoken Tamil also shows a number of sound changes, in particular, a tendency to lower high vowels in initial and medial positions, and the disappearance of vowels between plosives and between a plosive and rhotic.Contact with European languages also affected both written and spoken Tamil. Changes in written Tamil include the use of European-style punctuation and the use of consonant clusters that were not permitted in Middle Tamil. The syntax of written Tamil has also changed, with the introduction of new aspectual auxiliaries and more complex sentence structures, and with the emergence of a more rigid word order that resembles the syntactic argument structure of English. Simultaneously, a strong strain of linguistic purism emerged in the early 20th century, culminating in the Pure Tamil Movement which called for removal of all Sanskritic and other foreign elements from Tamil. It received some support from Dravidian parties and nationalists who supported Tamil independence. This led to the replacement of a significant number of Sanskrit loanwords by Tamil equivalents, though many others remain.


==== Literature ====

Tamil literature has a rich and long literary tradition spanning more than two thousand years. The oldest extant works show signs of maturity indicating an even longer period of evolution. Contributors to the Tamil literature are mainly from Tamil people from Tamil Nadu, Sri Lankan Tamils from Sri Lanka, and from Tamil diaspora. Also, there have been notable contributions from European authors. The history of Tamil literature follows the history of Tamil Nadu, closely following the social and political trends of various periods. The secular nature of the early Sangam poetry gave way to works of religious and didactic nature during the Middle Ages.  Jain and Buddhist authors during the medieval period and Muslim and European authors later, contributed to the growth of Tamil literature.
A revival of Tamil literature took place from the late 19th century when works of religious and philosophical nature were written in a style that made it easier for the common people to enjoy. Nationalist poets began to utilize the power of poetry in influencing the masses. With the growth of literacy, Tamil prose began to blossom and mature. Short stories and novels began to appear. The popularity of Tamil Cinema has also provided opportunities for modern Tamil poets to emerge.


=== History of Kannada ===
Kannada is one of oldest languages in South India. The spoken language is said to have separated from its proto-language source earlier than Tamil and about the same time as Tulu. However, archaeological evidence would indicate a written tradition for this language of around 1600–1650 years. The initial development of the Kannada language is similar to that of other south Indian languages.


==== Stages of development ====
By the time Halmidi shasana (stone inscription) Kannada had become an official language. Some of the linguistics suggest that Tamil & HaLegannada are very similar or might have same roots. Ex: For milk in both languages it is 'Haalu', the postfix to the names of elders to show respect is 'avar / avargaL'.


===== 600 – 1200 AD =====
During this era, language underwent a lot of changes as seen from the literary works of great poets of the era viz Pampa, Ranna, Ponna.


===== 1400 – 1600 AD =====
Vijayanagar Empire which is called the Golden era in the history of medieval India saw a lot of development in all literary form of both Kannada and Telugu. During the ruling of the King Krishnadevaraya many wonderful works. Poet Kumaravyasa wrote Mahabharata in Kannada in a unique style called "shatpadi" (six lines is a stanza of the poem). This era also saw the origin of Dasa Sahitya, the Carnatic music. Purandaradasa and Kanakadasa wrote several songs praising Lord Krishna. This gave a new dimension to Kannada literature.


==== Stone inscriptions ====
The first written record in the Kannada language is traced to Emperor Ashoka's Brahmagiri edict dated 200 BCE. The first example of a full-length Kannada language stone inscription (shilashaasana) containing Brahmi characters with characteristics attributed to those of protokannada in Hale Kannada (Old Kannada) script can be found in the Halmidi inscription, dated c. 450, indicating that Kannada had become an administrative language by this time. Over 30,000 inscriptions written in the Kannada language have been discovered so far. The Chikkamagaluru inscription of 500 CE is another example. Prior to the Halmidi inscription, there is an abundance of inscriptions containing Kannada words, phrases and sentences, proving its antiquity. Badami cliff shilashaasana of Pulakeshin I is an example of a Sanskrit inscription in Hale Kannada script.


==== Copper plates and manuscripts ====
 Examples of early Sanskrit-Kannada bilingual copper plate inscriptions (tamarashaasana) are the Tumbula inscriptions of the Western Ganga Dynasty dated 444 AD The earliest full-length Kannada tamarashaasana in Old Kannada script (early 8th century) belongs to Alupa King Aluvarasa II from Belmannu, South Kanara district and displays the double crested fish, his royal emblem. The oldest well-preserved palm leaf manuscript is in Old Kannada and is that of Dhavala, dated to around the 9th century, preserved in the Jain Bhandar, Mudbidri, Dakshina Kannada district. The manuscript contains 1478 leaves written in ink.


=== History of Telugu ===


==== Origins ====
Telugu is hypothesised to have originated from a reconstructed Proto-Dravidian language. It is a highly Sanskritised language; as Telugu scholar C.P Brown states in page 266 of his book A Grammar of the Telugu language: "if we ever make any real progress in the language the student will require the aid of the Sanskrit Dictionary". Prakrit Inscriptions containing Telugu words dated around 400–100 BCE were discovered in Bhattiprolu in District of Guntur. English translation of one inscription as reads: "Gift of the slab by venerable Midikilayakha".


==== Stages ====
From 575 CE, we begin to find traces of Telugu in inscriptions and literature, it is possible to broadly define four stages in the linguistic history of the Telugu language:


===== 575 –1100 =====
The first inscription that is entirely in Telugu corresponds to the second phase of Telugu history. This inscription, dated 575, was found in the districts of Kadapa and Kurnool and is attributed to the Renati Cholas, who broke with the prevailing practice of using Prakrit and began writing royal proclamations in the local language. During the next fifty years, Telugu inscriptions appeared in Anantapuram and other neighboring regions. The earliest dated Telugu inscription from coastal Andhra Pradesh comes from about 633 .
Around the same time, the Chalukya kings of Telangana also began using Telugu for inscriptions. Telugu was more influenced by Sanskrit than Prakrit during this period, which corresponded to the advent of Telugu literature. One of the oldest Telugu stone inscriptions containing literature was the 11-line inscription dated between 946 and 968  found on a hillock known as Bommalagutta in Kurikyala village of Karimnagar district, Telangana. The sing-song Telugu rhyme was the work of Jinavallabha, the younger brother of Pampa who was the court poet of Vemulavada Chalukya king Arikesari III. This literature was initially found in inscriptions and poetry in the courts of the rulers, and later in written works such as Nannayya's Mahabharatam (1022 ). During the time of Nannayya, the literary language diverged from the popular language. This was also a period of phonetic changes in the spoken language.


===== 1100  – 1400 =====
The third phase is marked by further stylization and sophistication of the literary language. Ketana (13th century CE) in fact prohibited the use of the vernacular in poetic works. During this period the divergence of the Telugu script from the common Telugu-Kannada script took place. Tikkana wrote his works in this script.


===== 1400–1900 =====
Telugu underwent a great deal of change (as did other Indian languages), progressing from medieval to modern. The language of the Telangana region started to split into a distinct dialect due to Muslim influence: Sultanate rule under the Tughlaq dynasty had been established earlier in the northern Deccan during the 14th century CE. South of the Krishna River (in the Rayalaseema region), however, the Vijayanagara Empire gained dominance from 1336 CE until the late 17th century, reaching its peak during the rule of Krishnadevaraya in the 16th century, when Telugu literature experienced what is considered to be its golden age. Padakavithapithamaha, Annamayya, contributed many atcha (pristine) Telugu Padaalu to this great language. In the latter half of the 17th century, Muslim rule extended further south, culminating in the establishment of the princely state of Hyderabad by the Asaf Jah dynasty in 1724 CE. This heralded an era of Persian/Arabic influence on the Telugu language, especially on that spoken by the inhabitants of Hyderabad. The effect is also felt in the prose of the early 19th century, as in the Kaifiyats.


===== 1900 to date =====
The period of the late 19th and early 20th centuries saw the influence of the English language and modern communication/printing press as an effect of the British rule, especially in the areas that were part of the Madras Presidency. Literature from this time had a mix of classical and modern traditions and included works by scholars like Kandukuri Viresalingam, Gurazada Apparao, and Panuganti Lakshminarasimha Rao.Since the 1930s, what was considered an elite literary form of the Telugu language has now spread to the common people with the introduction of mass media like movies, television, radio and newspapers. This form of the language is also taught in schools as a standard. In the current decade the Telugu language, like other Indian languages, has undergone globalization due to the increasing settlement of Telugu-speaking people abroad. Modern Telugu movies, although still retaining their dramatic quality, are linguistically separate from post-Independence films.
At present, a committee of scholars have approved a classical language tag for Telugu based on its antiquity. The Indian government has also officially designated it as a classical language.


==== Carnatic music ====
Though Carnatic music, one of two main subgenres of Indian classical music that evolved from ancient Hindu traditions, has a profound cultural influence on all of the South Indian states and their respective languages, most songs (Kirtanas) are in Kannada and Telugu. Purandara Dasa, said to have composed at least a quarter million songs and known as the "father" of Carnatic music composed in Kannada.
The region to the east of Tamil Nadu stretching from Tanjore in the south to Andhra Pradesh in the north was known as the Carnatic region during 17th and 18th centuries. The Carnatic war in which Robert Clive annexed Trichirapali is relevant. The music that prevailed in this region during the 18th century onwards was known as Carnatic music. This is because the existing tradition is to a great extent an outgrowth of the musical life of the principality of Thanjavur in the Kaveri delta. Thanjavur was the heart of the Chola dynasty (from the 9th century to the 13th), but in the second quarter of the 16th century a Telugu Nayak viceroy (Raghunatha Nayaka) was appointed by the emperor of Vijayanagara, thus establishing a court whose language was Telugu. The Nayaks acted as governors of what is present-day Tamil Nadu with their headquarters at Thanjavur (1530–1674 CE) and Madurai(1530–1781 CE). After the collapse of Vijayanagar, Thanjavur and Madurai Nayaks became independent and ruled for the next 150 years until they were replaced by Marathas. This was the period when several Telugu families migrated from Andhra and settled down in Thanjavur and Madurai. Most great composers of Carnatic music belonged to these Telugu families.
Telugu words end in vowels which many consider a mellifluous quality and thus suitable for musical expression. Of the trinity of Carnatic music composers, Tyagaraja's and Syama Sastri's compositions were largely in Telugu, while Muttuswami Dikshitar is noted for his Sanskrit texts. Tyagaraja is remembered both for his devotion and the bhava of his krithi, a song form consisting of pallavi, (the first section of a song) anupallavi (a rhyming section that follows the pallavi) and charanam (a sung stanza which serves as a refrain for several passages in the composition). The texts of his kritis are almost all in Sanskrit, in Telugu (the contemporary language of the court). This use of a living language, as opposed to Sanskrit, the language of ritual, is in keeping with the bhakti ideal of the immediacy of devotion. Sri Syama Sastri, the oldest of the trinity, was taught Telugu and Sanskrit by his father, who was the pujari (Hindu priest) at the Meenakshi temple in Madurai. Syama Sastri's texts were largely composed in Telugu, widening their popular appeal. Some of his most famous compositions include the nine krithis, Navaratnamaalikā, in praise of the goddess Meenakshi at Madurai, and his eighteen krithi in praise of Kamakshi. As well as composing krithi, he is credited with turning the svarajati, originally used for dance, into a purely musical form.


=== History of Malayalam ===
Malayalam is thought to have diverged from Middle Tamil approximately the 6th century in the region coinciding with modern Kerala. The development of Malayalam as a separate language was characterized by a moderate influence from Sanskrit, both in lexicon and grammar, which culminated in the Aadhyaathma Ramayanam, a version of the Ramayana by Thunchaththu Ezhuthachan which marked the beginning of modern Malayalam. Ezhuthachan's works also cemented the use of the Malayalam script, an alphabet blending the Tamil Vatteluttu alphabet with elements of the Grantha script resulting in a large number of letters capable of representing both Indo-Aryan and Dravidian sounds. Today, it is considered one of the 22 scheduled languages of India and was declared a classical language by the Government of India in 2013.


== Sino-Tibetan languages ==

Sino-Tibetan languages are spoken in the western Himalayas (Himachal Pradesh) and in the highlands of Northeast India. The Sino-Tibetan family includes such languages as Meitei (officially known as Manipuri), Tripuri, Bodo, Garo and various groups of Naga languages. Some of the languages traditionally included in Sino-Tibetan may actually be language isolates or part of small independent language families.


=== Meitei ===

Meitei language (officially known as Manipuri language) was the ancient court language of Manipur Kingdom (Meitei: Meeteileipak), which was used with honour before and during the kingdom's Durbar (court) sessions, until Manipur was merged into the Republic of India on 21 September 1949. 
Besides being the native tongue of the Meiteis, Meitei language was and is the lingua franca of all the ethnic groups living in Manipur.
The ancestor of the present day Meitei language is the Ancient Meitei (also called Old Manipuri).
Classical Meitei (also called Classical Manipuri) is the standardised form of Meitei and is also the liturgical language of Sanamahism (traditional Meitei religion), serving as the medium of thoughts on the Puya (Meitei texts).
Padma Vibhushan awardee Indian Bengali scholar Suniti Kumar Chatterji wrote about Meitei language:

Meitei language has its own script, the Meitei script (Meitei: Meitei Mayek), often but not officially referred to as the Manipuri script. The earliest known coin, having the script engraved on it, dated back to the 6th century CE. Renowned Indian scholar Kalidas Nag, after observing the Meitei writings on the handmade papers and agar pieces, opined that the Manipuri script belongs to the pre-Ashokan period. Ancient and medieval Meitei literature are written in this script.According to the "Report on the Archaeological Studies in Manipur, Bulletin No-1", a Meitei language copper plate inscription was found to be dated back to the 8th century CE. It is one of the preserved earliest known written records of Meitei language.In the 18th century CE, the usage of Meitei script was officially replaced by the Bengali script for any forms of writings in Meitei language right from the era of Meitei King Gharib Niwaj (Meitei: Pamheiba) (1690–1751), the Maharaja of Manipur kingdom. It was during his time Kangleipak, the Meitei name of the kingdom, was renamed with the Sanskrit name Manipur, thereby creating the mythical connecting legends with that of the Manipur (Mahabharata), which is clarified by the modern Indian Hindu scholars as a coastal region in Odisha, though eponymous with the Meitei kingdom.
In modern era, the "Manipur State Constitution Act 1947" of the once independent Manipur Kingdom accords Meitei language as the court language of the kingdom (before merging into the Indian Republic).In the year 1972, Meitei language was given the recognition by the National Sahitya Akademi, the highest Indian body of language and literature, as one of the major Indian languages.On the 20th August 1992, Meitei language was included in the Eighth Schedule to the Constitution of India and made one of the languages with official status in India. The event was commemorated every year as the Meitei Language Day (officially called Manipuri Language Day).Starting from the year 2021, Meitei script (officially known as Meetei Mayek) was officially used, along with the Bengali script, to write the Meitei language, as per "The Manipur Official Language (Amendment) Act, 2021". It was declared by the Government of Manipur on 10 March 2021.In September 2021, the Central Government of India released ₹18 crore (US$2.3 million) as the first instalment for the development and the promotion of the Meitei language and the Meitei script in Manipur.


== Languages of other families in India ==


=== Austroasiatic languages ===

The Austroasiatic family spoken in East and North-east India. Austroasiatic languages include the Santal and Munda languages of eastern India, Nepal, and Bangladesh, and the Mon–Khmer languages spoken by the Khasi and Nicobarese in India and in Burma, Thailand, Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam, and southern China. The Austroasiatic languages arrived in east India around 4000-3500 ago from Southeast Asia.


=== Great Andamanese and Ongan languages ===
On the Andaman Islands, language from at least two families have spoken: the Great Andamanese languages and the Ongan languages. The Sentinelese language is spoken on North Sentinel Island, but contact has not been made with the Sentinelis; thus, its language affiliation is unknown. While Joseph Greenberg considered the Great Andamanese languages to be part of a larger Indo-Pacific family, it was not established through the comparative method but considered spurious by historical linguists. Stephen Wurm suggests similarities with Trans-New Guinea languages and others are caused by a linguistic substrate.Juliette Blevins has suggested that the Ongan languages are the sister branch to the Austronesian languages in an Austronesian-Ongan family because of sound correspondences between protolanguages.


=== Isolates ===
The Nihali language is a language isolate spoken in Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra. Affiliations have been suggested to the Munda languages but they have yet to be demonstrated.


== Scripts ==


=== Indus ===

The Indus script is the short strings of symbols associated with the Harappan civilization of ancient India (most of the Indus sites are distributed in present-day Pakistan and northwest India) used between 2600 and 1900 BCE, which evolved from an early Indus script attested from around 3500–3300 BCE. Found in at least a dozen types of context, the symbols are most commonly associated with flat, rectangular stone tablets called seals. The first publication of a Harappan seal was a drawing by Alexander Cunningham in 1875. Since then, well over 4000 symbol-bearing objects have been discovered, some as far afield as Mesopotamia. After 1500 BCE, coinciding with the final stage of Harappan civilization, use of the symbols ends. There are over 400 distinct signs, but many are thought to be slight modifications or combinations of perhaps 200 'basic' signs. The symbols remain undeciphered (in spite of numerous attempts that did not find favour with the academic community), and some scholars classify them as proto-writing rather than writing proper.


=== Brāhmī ===

The best-known inscriptions in Brāhmī are the rock-cut Edicts of Ashoka, dating to the 3rd century BCE. These were long considered the earliest examples of Brāhmī writing, but recent archaeological evidence in Sri Lanka and Tamil Nadu suggest the dates for the earliest use of Tamil Brāhmī to be around the 6th century BCE, dated using radiocarbon and thermoluminescence dating methods.
This script is ancestral to the Brahmic family of scripts, most of which are used in South and Southeast Asia, but which have wider historical use elsewhere, even as far as Mongolia and perhaps even Korea, according to one theory of the origin of Hangul. The Brāhmī numeral system is the ancestor of the Hindu-Arabic numerals, which are now used worldwide.
Brāhmī is generally believed to be derived from a Semitic script such as the Imperial Aramaic alphabet, as was clearly the case for the contemporary Kharosthi alphabet that arose in a part of northwest Indian under the control of the Achaemenid Empire. Rhys Davids suggests that writing may have been introduced to India from the Middle East by traders. Another possibility is with the Achaemenid conquest in the late 6th century BCE. It was often assumed that it was a planned invention under Ashoka as a prerequisite for his edicts. Compare the much better-documented parallel of the Hangul script.
Older examples of the Brahmi script appear to be on fragments of pottery from the trading town of Anuradhapura in Sri Lanka, which have been dated to the early 400 BCE. Even earlier evidence of the Tamil -Brahmi script has been discovered on pieces of pottery in Adichanallur, Tamil Nadu. Radio-carbon dating has established that they belonged to the 6th-century BCE.The origin of the script is still much debated, with most scholars stating that Brahmi was derived from or at least influenced by one or more contemporary Semitic scripts, while others favor the idea of an indigenous origin or connection to the much older and as yet undeciphered Indus script of the Indus Valley civilisation.


=== Kharosthi ===

The Kharoṣṭhī script, also known as the Gāndhārī script, is an ancient abugida (a kind of alphabetic script) used by the Gandhara culture of ancient northwest India to write the Gāndhārī and Sanskrit languages. It was in use from the 4th century BCE until it died out in its homeland around the 3rd century CE. It was also in use along the Silk Road where there is some evidence it may have survived until the 7th century CE in the remote way stations of Khotan and Niya.
Scholars are not in agreement as to whether the Kharoṣṭhī script evolved gradually, or was the work of a mindful inventor. An analysis of the script forms shows a clear dependency on the Aramaic alphabet but with extensive modifications to support the sounds found in Indian languages. One model is that the Aramaic script arrived with the Achaemenid conquest of the region in 500 BCE and evolved over the next 200+ years to reach its final form by the 3rd century BCE. However, no Aramaic documents of any kind have survived from this period. Also intermediate forms have yet been found to confirm this evolutionary model, and rock and coins inscriptions from the 3rd century BCE onward show a unified and mature form.
The study of the Kharoṣṭhī script was recently invigorated by the discovery of the Gandhāran Buddhist texts, a set of birch-bark manuscripts written in Kharoṣṭhī, discovered near the Afghan city of Haḍḍā (compare Panjabi HAḌḌ ਹੱਡ s. m. "A bone, especially a big bone of dead cattle" referring to the famous mortuary grounds if the area): just west of the Khyber Pass. The manuscripts were donated to the British Library in 1994. The entire set of manuscripts are dated to the 1st century CE making them the oldest Buddhist manuscripts in existence.


=== Gupta ===

The Gupta script was used for writing Sanskrit and is associated with the Gupta Empire of India which was a period of material prosperity and great religious and scientific developments. The Gupta script was descended from Brahmi and gave rise to the Siddham script and then Bengali–Assamese script.


=== Siddhaṃ ===

Siddhaṃ (Sanskrit, accomplished or perfected), descended from the Brahmi script via the Gupta script, which also gave rise to the Devanagari script as well as a number of other Asian scripts such as Tibetan script.
Siddhaṃ is an abugida or alphasyllabary rather than an alphabet because each character indicates a syllable. If no other mark occurs then the short 'a' is assumed. Diacritic marks indicate the other vowels, the pure nasal (anusvara), and the aspirated vowel (visarga). A special mark (virama), can be used to indicate that the letter stands alone with no vowel which sometimes happens at the end of Sanskrit words. See links below for examples.
The writing of mantras and copying of Sutras using the Siddhaṃ script is still practiced in Shingon Buddhism in Japan but has died out in other places. It was Kūkai who introduced the Siddham script to Japan when he returned from China in 806, where he studied Sanskrit with Nalanda trained monks including one known as Prajñā. Sutras that were taken to China from India were written in a variety of scripts, but Siddham was one of the most important. By the time Kūkai learned this script the trading and pilgrimage routes overland to India, part of the Silk Road, were closed by the expanding Islamic empire of the Abbasids. Then in the middle of the 9th century, there were a series of purges of "foreign religions" in China. This meant that Japan was cut off from the sources of Siddham texts. In time other scripts, particularly Devanagari replaced it in India, and so Japan was left as the only place where Siddham was preserved, although it was, and is only used for writing mantras and copying sutras.
Siddhaṃ was influential in the development of the Kana writing system, which is also associated with Kūkai – while the Kana shapes derive from Chinese characters, the principle of a syllable-based script and their systematic ordering was taken over from Siddham.


=== Nagari ===

Descended from the Siddham script around the 11th century.


== See also ==
Substratum in Vedic Sanskrit
Persian language in the Indian subcontinent
Indo-Aryan loanwords in Tamil
Linguistic Survey of India


== Notes ==


== References ==


=== Sources ===
Annamalai, E.; Steever, S.B. (1998). "Modern Tamil". In Steever, Sanford (ed.). The Dravidian Languages. Routledge. pp. 100–128. ISBN 978-0-415-10023-6.
Bloch, J (1970). Formation of the Marathi Language. Motilal Banarsidass. ISBN 978-81-208-2322-8.
Steve Farmer, Richard Sproat, and Michael Witzel, The Collapse of the Indus-Script Thesis: The Myth of a Literate Harappan Civilization, EVJS, vol. 11 (2004), issue 2 (Dec)
Ferro-Luzzi, G. Eichinger (2001). "Kavya in South India: Old Tamil Cankam Poetry". Asian Folklore Studies (Book Review). 60 (2): 373–374. doi:10.2307/1179075. JSTOR 1179075.
Hart, George (January–March 2004). "Kavya in South India: Old Tamil Cankam Poetry". The Journal of the American Oriental Society (Book Review). 124 (1): 180–. doi:10.2307/4132191. JSTOR 4132191.
Kamath, Suryanath U. (2001) [First published 1980]. A Concise History of Karnataka: From Pre-historic Times to the Present. Bangalore: Jupiter books. OCLC 7796041.
Kandiah, Thiru (1978). "Standard Language and Socio-Historical Parameters: Standard Lankan Tamil". International Journal of the Sociology of Language. 1978 (16): 59–76. doi:10.1515/ijsl.1978.16.59. S2CID 143499414.
Krishnamurti, Bhadriraju (2003). The Dravidian Languages. Cambridge Language Surveys. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-77111-5.
Kuiper, F. B. J. (1958). "Two problems of old Tamil phonology I. The old Tamil āytam (with an appendix by K. Zvelebil)". Indo-Iranian Journal. 2 (3): 191–224. doi:10.1163/000000058790082452. S2CID 161402102.
Lehmann, Thomas (1998). "Old Tamil". In Steever, Sanford (ed.). The Dravidian Languages. Routledge. pp. 75–99. ISBN 978-0-415-10023-6.
Mahadevan, Iravatham (2003). Early Tamil Epigraphy from the Earliest Times to the Sixth Century A.D. Harvard Oriental Series vol. 62. Harvard University Press. ISBN 978-0-674-01227-1.
Meenakshisundaran, TP (1965). A history of Tamil language. Poona: Linguistic Society of India.
Monius, Anne E. (November 2002). "Kavya in South India: Old Tamil Cankam Poetry". The Journal of Asian Studies (Book Review). 61 (4): 1404–1406. doi:10.2307/3096501. JSTOR 3096501.
Novetzke, Christian Lee (2016). The Quotidian Revolution: Vernacularization, Religion, and the Premodern Public Sphere in India. Columbia University Press. ISBN 978-0-231-54241-8.
Rajam, V. S. (1985). "The Duration of an Action-Real or Aspectual? The Evolution of the Present Tense in Tamil". Journal of the American Oriental Society. 105 (2): 277–291. doi:10.2307/601707. JSTOR 601707.
Ramaswamy, Sumathy (1997). Passions of the Tongue: Language Devotion in Tamil India, 1891–1970. Berkeley: University of California Press. ISBN 978-0-585-10600-7.
Salomon, Richard (1998). Indian Epigraphy: A Guide to the Study of Inscriptions in Sanskrit, Prakrit, and the other Indo-Aryan Languages. Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0-19-535666-3.
Scharfe, Harmut. Kharoṣṭhī and Brāhmī. Journal of the American Oriental Society. 122 (2) 2002, p. 391–3.
Shapiro, Michael C.; Schiffman, Harold F. (1983). Language and society in South Asia. Dordrecht: Foris. ISBN 978-90-70176-55-6.
Southworth, Franklin C. (2005). Linguistic Archaeology of South Asia. RoutledgeCurzon. ISBN 978-0-415-33323-8.
Stevens, John. Sacred Calligraphy of the East. [3rd ed. Rev.] (Boston : Shambala, 1995)
Steever, Sanford (1998). "Introduction". In Steever, Sanford (ed.). The Dravidian Languages. Routledge. pp. 1–39. ISBN 978-0-415-10023-6.
Steever, Sanford (2005). The Tamil auxiliary verb system. Routledge. ISBN 978-0-415-34672-6.
Tharu, Susie; Lalita, K. (1991). Women writing in India : 600 B.C. to the present. The Feminist Press at the City University of New York. ISBN 978-1-55861-026-2.
Tieken, Herman (2001). Kavya in South India: Old Tamil Cankam Poetry. Gonda Indological Studies, Volume X. Groningen: Egbert Forsten Publishing. ISBN 978-90-6980-134-6.
Varadarajan, Mu. (1988). A History of Tamil Literature. Translated by Viswanathan, E.Sa. New Delhi: Sahitya Akademi.
Zvelebil, Kamil (1992). Companion studies to the history of Tamil literature. Leiden: Brill. ISBN 978-90-04-09365-2.
Wilden, Eva (2002). "Towards an Internal Chronology of Old Tamil Caṅkam Literature Or How to Trace the Laws of a Poetic Universe". Wiener Zeitschrift für die Kunde Südasiens (Book Review). 46: 105–133. JSTOR 24007685.


== Further reading ==
A Database of G.A. Grierson's Linguistic Survey of India (1904–1928, Calcutta).
Grierson, Sir George Abraham (1906). The Pisaca languages of north-western India. The Royal asiatic Society, London.
Gramophone recordings from the Linguistic Survey of India (1913–1929), Digital South Asia Library


== External links ==
Omniglot alphabets for Kharoṣṭhī, Brahmi,  Siddham, Devanāgarī.
Indian Scripts and Languages
Ritson's Northern Garlands , Edited and published by Joseph Ritson, is a compilation of four previously published books on North East music, published in 1810.


== Details ==
 Ritson's Northern Garlands 1810  (or to give it its full title - “Northern Garlands -- The Bishopric Garland or Durham Minstrel; A choice collection of excellent songs -- The Yorkshire Garland; A curious collection of old and new songs -- The Northumberland Garland or Newcastle Nightingale; A matchless collection of famous songs -- The North-Country Chorister; An unparalleled variety of excellent songs -- Edited by the late Joseph Ritson, Esq -- London; Printed for R. Triphook, St. Jame's Street; By Harding and Wright, St. John' Square – 1810”)  is a book of North East of England folk songs consisting of approximately 100 pages, published in 1810.
Joseph Ritson’s Northern Garland is a compilation of the 4 volumes of songs published in the late 18th and early 19th century. The four separate volumes are as follows :-

The Bishopric Garland or Durham Minstrell (note the mis-spelling in the forward to the collection) which first appeared in 1784, and again in 1792 in a slightly corrected and expanded form, with a reprint in 1809
The Yorkshire Garland which first appeared as part I in 1788 (however part II never appeared). A further edition was reprinted in 1809.
The Northumberland Garland or Newcastle Nightingale first appeared in 1793, reprinted in 1809 - and
The North-Country Chorister first appeared 1802, reprinted in 1809.
The compilation with the collective title of “The Northern Garland” was published in 1810.It is only an important document in its own right, but one of the main sources of similar successor publications such as John Bell's Rhymes of Northern Bards and Bruce and Stokoe's Northumbrian Minstrelsy.
A set of original documents are held in The Robinson Library of Newcastle University


== The publication ==
The front cover of the book was as thus :-
Northern Garlands	
- - - - - - -	
THE		
BISHOPRIC GARLANDS
OR		
DURHAM MINSTREL	
A choice Collection of excellent Songs
- - - - - - -	
THE		
YORKSHIRE GARLAND; 
A curious Collection of old and new Songs
- - - - - - -	
THE		
NORTHUMBERLAND GARLAND
OR		
NEWCASTLE NIGHTINGALE; 
A matchless Collection of famous Songs
- - - - - - -	
THE		
NORTH-COUNTRY CHORISTER; 
An unparalleled Variety of excellent Songs
- - - - - - -	
EDITED BY THE LATE	
JOSEPH RITSON, ESQ	
- - - - - - -	
LONDON; 		
PRINTED FOR R. TRIPHOOK, ST. JAME'S-STREET; 
By Harding and Wright, St. John'-square
- - - - - - -	
1810


== Contents ==
The compilation book is set out as follows:-front cover
Several blank pages
An article headed  “Advertisement” which is a preface detailing the books and their editor
This is followed by the four separate sections, each with their own songs, poems, comments, etc., 

Part I The Bishoprick Garland or Durham Minstrel,
Part II The Yorkshire Garland,
Part III The Northumberland Garland, and
Part IV The North-Country Chorister,each section with its own index/contents page except Part III.


== See also ==
Geordie dialect words
Joseph Ritson
Ritson's Bishopric Garland or Durham Minstrel 1792
Ritson's Yorkshire Garland 1809
Ritson's Northumberland Garland or Newcastle Nightingale 1809
Ritson's North-Country Chorister 1809


== References ==


== External links ==
Farne archives - front cover
Allan’s Illustrated Edition of Tyneside songs and readings - page 512
Google e-book Northern Garland
Google e-book
The 1940 Southampton by-election was held on 27 November 1940.  The by-election was held due to the elevation to the peerage of the incumbent National MP, Sir John Reith.  It was won by the Liberal National candidate Russell Thomas. This was the last uncontested Parliamentary election to date where it resulted in a gain for the winning party.


== References ==
Hoenia is a genus of moths of the family Crambidae. It contains only one species, Hoenia sinensis, which is found in China (Zhejiang).


== References ==
Yoshio Tachibana (立花 芳夫, Tachibana Yoshio, 24 February 1890 – 24 September 1947) was a lieutenant general in the Japanese Imperial Army during World War II. He was commander of the Japanese garrison in Chichijima, Ogasawara Islands, and was later tried and executed for the Chichijima incident, a war crime involving torture, extrajudicial execution and cannibalism of American prisoners of war.


== Biography ==


=== Early life and military career ===
Tachibana was a native of Ehime Prefecture. After graduating from a private school, he attended the 25th class of Imperial Japanese Army Academy and graduated in 1913. He had a relatively undistinguished early career as an officer. From September 1916 to January, he studied gymnastics at the Army Toyama School. He was promoted to captain in August 1923 and in March 1924 commanded a battalion of the IJA 12th Infantry Regiment. He subsequently served on the staff of the IJA 11th Division and was sent as an Army representative to the Takamatsu Commercial High School. He became a major in August 1930 and lieutenant colonel in August 1935. During the mid-1930s he was assigned to the Manchukuo Imperial Army as a liaison officer. In August 1939, he was given command of the IJA 65th Infantry Regiment, which saw combat at the Battle of Zaoyang–Yichang in the Second Sino-Japanese War. 


=== World War II ===
In 1942, Tachibana was assigned to the staff of the Hiroshima regional defense command, and promoted to major general in March 1943. In May 1944, he became commander of the IJA 1st Independent Combined Brigade, which was tasked with the defense of the Ogasawara Islands against invasion by American forces in the preliminary preparations to Operation Downfall. He was further promoted to lieutenant general on March 23, 1945 and given command of the IJA 109th Division.
By mid-1945, due to the Allied naval blockade, the 25,000 Japanese troops on Chichijima had run low on supplies. However, although the daily ration of rice had been reduced from 400g per person a day to 240g, the troops were in no risk of starvation. In what later came to be called the Chichijima incident, and February/March 1945 Tachibana's senior staff turned to cannibalism. Nine American airmen escaped from their planes after being shot down during bombing raids on Chichijima, eight of whom were captured. The ninth, the only one to evade capture, was future US President George H. W. Bush, then a 20-year-old pilot. Over a period of several months, the prisoners were executed, and allegedly by the order of Major Sueyo Matoba, their bodies were butchered by the division's medical orderlies and the livers and other organs consumed by the senior staff, including Matoba's superior Tachibana.
At the end of the war, Tachibana and his staff were arrested by the American occupation authorities and were deported to Guam, where they stood trial for war crimes in connection with the Chichijima Incident in August 1946. However, as cannibalism was not covered under international law at the time, Tachibana was charged with "prevention of honorable burial". Tachibana was sentenced to death by hanging along with four other defendants, including Major Matoba. He and the other defendants executed were buried in unmarked graves on Guam.


== Decorations ==
1945 – Order of the Sacred Treasure, 2nd class 


== See also ==
Japanese war crimes
Flyboys: A True Story of Courage


== References ==
Hearn, Chester (2005). Sorties Into Hell: The Hidden War on Chichi Jima. The Lyons Press. ISBN 1-59228-687-9.
Maga, Timothy P. (2001). Judgment at Tokyo: The Japanese War Crimes Trials. University Press of Kentucky. ISBN 0-8131-2177-9.
Fukagawa, Hideki (1981). (陸海軍将官人事総覧 (陸軍篇)) Army and Navy General Personnel Directory (Army). Tokyo: Fuyo Shobo. ISBN 4829500026.
Hata, Ikuhiko (2005). (日本陸海軍総合事典) Japanese Army and Navy General Encyclopedia. Tokyo: St. Martin's Press. ISBN 4130301357.


== External links ==

Surrender of Bonin Islands, September 3, 1945
Researching Japanese War Crimes - Introductory Essays (pp. 102-110). Nazi War Crimes and Japanese Imperial Government Records. Interagency Working Group, Washington DC, 2006.


== Footnotes ==
Bare As Bones is a compilation of previous material by American hardcore band Backstabbers Incorporated.    It was released along with Deadwater Drowning by Deadwater Drowning and Dulling Occams Razor by Found Dead Hanging as the inaugural releases of Black Market Activities on July 15, 2003.


== Track listing ==


== Personnel ==
Matt Serven – guitar, vocals
Brian Serven – bass
Jonah Livingston – drums


== References ==
William Hanson MICE (1810 – 14 July 1875) was a government engineer in the early days of the colony of South Australia.


== Early days ==
Hanson was born in London, a son of Benjamin Hanson, fruit merchant and importer.
William was trained as an architect, and spent some time in a builder's office, then in 1836 began working for George Stephenson. He subsequently became manager of two English railways.


== Career in South Australia ==
He arrived in South Australia in late 1853. In February 1855 he was appointed engineer to the Adelaide and Gawler Railway Commissions, overseeing the construction of the line to Gawler and its extension to Kapunda (completed 1860), also to the Adelaide and Port Adelaide Railway. He was appointed chairman and engineer of the Railway Commission in 1857 and resigned early 1859, to be replaced by James Hill.
In October 1859 he was appointed engineer-in-chief of South Australian Railways, then in December 1860 he was appointed Engineer, Colonial Architect, and Inspector of Railways; and in June, 1865, he was made acting manager of Railways after the sacking of C. S. Hare, but retired in 1867 as his health deteriorated, and he lived with relatives at Walkerville and Parkin Street, Glenelg, which was where he died.He was involved in the design and construction of the Thornden Park reservoir and its reticulation to the city. He oversaw the completion of the Granite Island jetty. He recommended against building locks on the Port River and against selling the railways to a private company. He investigated the failure of the Torrens weir in 1859.He became a member of the Adelaide Philosophical Society in 1865.
He was a director of the Provincial Gas Company of South Australia.


== Family ==
William was a brother of Sir Richard Davies Hanson, who was Premier of South Australia from 1857 to 1860, then Chief Justice. Other brothers were Joseph Laurence Hanson (ca.1808 – 23 July 1870), who was with the Railway Department, married with no children, and Edward Hanson (ca.1808 – 23 July 1870), an engineer with the Provincial Gas Company of Thebarton married to Catalina ( – 11 April 1877). He had three sisters: one married in England, another ( – 19 December 1890) married to Thomas S. Reed (22 May 1818 – 25 April 1914), chairman of the Destitute Board and secretary of the Geographical Society, and another unmarried.
He was married; they had a daughter.


== References ==
Lou Odle was an American football coach. He served as the head football coach at Sterling College in Sterling, Kansas for two seasons, from 1940 to 1941, compiling a record of 7–10–2.


== Head coaching record ==


== References ==
The 2000 Prokom Polish Open was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Sopot, Poland that was part of the Tier III  category of the 2000 WTA Tour. It was the third edition of the Polish Open and took place from 17 July until 23 July 2000. Second-seeded Anke Huber won the singles title and earned $27,000 first-prize money.


== Finals ==


=== Singles ===
 Anke Huber defeated  Gala León García, 7–6(7–4), 6–3

It was Huber's 2nd singles title of the year and the 12th of her career.


=== Doubles ===

 Virginia Ruano Pascual /  Paola Suárez defeated  Åsa Carlsson /  Rita Grande, 7–5, 6–1


== References ==


== External links ==
ITF tournament edition details
Tournament draws
Liolaemus gracielae is a species of lizard in the family  Liolaemidae. The species is endemic to Argentina.


== Etymology ==
The specific name, gracielae, is in honor of Argentinian herpetologist Graciela Mirta Blanco.


== Geographic range ==
L. gracielae is found in La Rioja Province and San Juan Province, Argentina.


== Habitat ==
The preferred natural habitat of L. gracielae is grassland at altitudes of 4,000 m (13,000 ft) and higher.


== Description ==
Medium-sized for its genus, L. gracielae may attain a snout-to-vent length (SVL) of 7.7 cm (3.0 in).


== Reproduction ==
L. gracielae is viviparous.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Abdala CS, Acosta JC, Cabrera MR, Villavicencio HJ, Marinero J (2009). "A New Andean Liolaemus of the L. montanus Series (Squamata: Iguania: Liolaemidae) from Western Argentina". South American Journal of Herpetology 4 (2): 91–102. (Liolaemus gracielae, new species).
Avila LJ, Martinez LE, Morando M (2013). "Checklist of lizards and amphisbaenians of Argentina: an update". Zootaxa 3616 (3): 201–238.
Girish Chandra Yadav (born January 10, 1974) is an Indian politician serving as the State Minister (Independent charge) in the Government of Uttar Pradesh.  Born in Samaspur, Paniaria in Jaunpur,  Mr. Yadav married Smt. Sanju Yadav in 1990, and together they have a son and two daughters.Yadav is member of the Bharatiya Janata Party and is a sitting member of the U.P. Vidhan Sabha (lower house of the state legislature).  Yadav is an agriculturist by profession and has a special interest in social service.  He holds three bachelor's degrees: in Science, Education, Law.


== Political career ==
Yadav was appointed to the cabinet of Yogi Adityanath in March 2017.  He serves as the incumbent Minister of State for Sport And Youth Welfare.


== Social media ==
Yadav is an active user of social media including Twitter on which he has more than ten thousand followers.  He has written more than two thousand tweets.


== See also ==
Yogi Adityanath ministry (2017–)


== References ==
Organic photochemistry encompasses organic reactions that are induced by the action of light. The absorption of ultraviolet light by organic molecules often leads to reactions. In the earliest days, sunlight was employed, while in more modern times ultraviolet lamps are employed. Organic photochemistry has proven to be a very useful synthetic tool. Complex organic products can be obtained simply. 


== History ==
Early examples were often uncovered by the observation of precipitates or color changes from samples that were exposed to sunlights. The first reported case was by Ciamician that sunlight converted santonin to a yellow photoproduct:
An early example of a precipitate was the photodimerization of anthracene, characterized by Yulii Fedorovich Fritzsche and confirmed by Elbs.  Similar observations focused on the dimerization of cinnamic acid to truxillic acid. Many photodimers are now recognized, e.g. pyrimidine dimer, thiophosgene, diamantane.
Another example was uncovered by Egbert Havinga in 1956. The curious result was activation on photolysis by a meta nitro group in contrast to the usual activation by ortho and para groups.

Organic photochemistry advanced with the development of the Woodward-Hoffmann rules. Illustrative, these rules help rationalize the photochemically driven electrocyclic ring-closure of hexa-2,4-diene, which proceeds in a disrotatory fashion.

Organic reactions that obey these rules are said to be symmetry allowed. Reactions that take the opposite course are symmetry forbidden and require substantially more energy to take place if they take place at all.


== Key reactions ==
Organic photochemical reactions are explained in the context of the relevant excited states.Parallel to the structural studies described above, the role of spin multiplicity – singlet vs triplet – on reactivity was evaluated. The importance of triplet excited species was emphasized. Triplets tend to be longer-lived than singlets and of lower energy than the singlet of the same configuration. Triplets may arise from (A) conversion of the initially formed singlets or by (B) interaction with a higher energy triplet (sensitization).
It is possible to quench triplet reactions.Common organic photochemical reactions include: Norrish Type I, the Norrish Type II, the racemization of optically active biphenyls, the type A cyclohexadienone rearrangement, the type B cyclohexenone rearrangement, the di-π-methane rearrangement, the type B bicyclo[3.1.0]hexanone rearrangement to phenols, photochemical electrocyclic processes, the rearrangement of epoxyketones to beta-diketones, ring opening of cyclopropyl ketones, heterolysis of 3,5-dimethoxylbenzylic derivatives, and photochemical cyclizations of dienes.


== Practical considerations ==
Reactants of the photoreactions can be both gaseous and liquids.  In general, it is necessary to bring the reactants close to the light source in order to obtain the highest possible luminous efficacy. For this purpose, the reaction mixture can be irradiated either directly or in a flow-through side arm of a reactor with a suitable light source.A disadvantage of photochemical processes is the low efficiency of the conversion of electrical energy in the radiation energy of the required wavelength. In addition to the radiation, light sources generate plenty of heat, which in turn requires cooling energy. In addition, most light sources emit polychromatic light, even though only monochromatic light is needed. A high quantum yield, however, compensates for these disadvantages. 
Working at low temperatures is advantageous since side reactions are avoided (as the selectivity is increased) and the yield is increased (since gaseous reactants are driven out less from the solvent).
The starting materials can sometimes be cooled before the reaction to such an extent that the reaction heat is absorbed without further cooling of the mixture. In the case of gaseous or low-boiling starting materials, work under overpressure is necessary. Due to the large number of possible raw materials, a large number of processes have been described. Large scale reactions are usually carried out in a stirred tank reactor, a bubble column reactor or a tube reactor, followed by further processing depending on the target product. In case of a stirred tank reactor, the lamp (generally shaped as an elongated cylinder) is provided with a cooling jacket and placed in the reaction solution. Tube reactors are made from quartz or glass tubes, which are irradiated from the outside. Using a stirred tank reactor has the advantage that no light is lost to the environment. However, the intensity of light drops rapidly with the distance to the light source due to adsorption by the reactants.The influence of the radiation on the reaction rate can often be represented by a power law based on the quantum flow density, i.e. the mole light quantum (previously measured in the unit einstein) per area and time. One objective in the design of reactors is therefore to determine the economically most favorable dimensioning with regard to an optimization of the quantum current density.


== Case studies ==


=== [2+2] Cycloadditions ===
Olefins dimerize upon UV-irradiation.


=== 4,4-Diphenylcyclohexadienone rearrangement ===
Quite parallel to the santonin to lumisantonin example is the rearrangement of 4,4-diphenylcyclohexadienone Here the n-pi* triplet excited state undergoes the same beta-beta bonding. This is followed by intersystem crossing (i.e. ISC) to form the singlet ground state which is seen to be a zwitterion. The final step is the rearrangement to the bicyclic photoproduct. The reaction is termed the type A cyclohexadienone rearrangement.


=== 4,4-diphenylcyclohexenone ===
To provide further evidence on the mechanism of the dienone in which there is bonding between the two double bonds,
the case of 4,4-diphenylcyclohexenone is presented here. It is seen that the rearrangement is quite different; thus two double bonds are required for a type A rearrangement. With one double bond one of the phenyl groups, originally at C-4, has migrated to C-3 (i.e. the beta carbon).
When one of the aryl groups has a para-cyano or para-methoxy group, that substituted aryl group migrates in preference. Inspection of the alternative phenonium-type species, in which an aryl group has begun to migrate to the beta-carbon, reveals the greater electron delocalization with a substituent para on the migrating aryl group and thus a more stabilized pathway.


=== π-π* reactivity ===
Still another type of photochemical reaction is the di-π-methane rearrangement. Two further early examples were the rearrangement of 1,1,5,5-tetraphenyl-3,3-dimethyl-1,4-pentadiene (the "Mariano" molecule) and the rearrangement of barrelene to semibullvalene. We note that, in contrast to the cyclohexadienone reactions which used n-π* excited states, the di-π-methane rearrangements utilize π-π* excited states.


== Related topics ==


=== Photoredox catalysis ===
In photoredox catalysis, the photon is absorbed by a sensitizer (antenna molecule or ion) which then effects redox reactions on the organic substrate. A common sensitizer is ruthenium(II) tris(bipyridine).  Illustrative of photoredox catalysis are some aminotrifluoromethylation reactions.


=== Photochlorination ===
Photochlorination is one of the largest implementations of photochemistry to organic synthesis. The photon is however not absorbed by the organic compound, but by chlorine.  Photolysis of Cl2 gives chlorine atoms, which abstract H atoms from hydrocarbons, leading to chlorination.

  
    
      
        
          C
          
            l
            
              2
            
          
           
          
            →
            
              h
              ν
            
          
           
          C
          l
          
            ⋅
          
          +
          
            ⋅
          
          C
          l
          
          (
          i
          n
          i
          t
          i
          a
          t
          i
          o
          n
          )
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \mathrm {Cl_{2}\ \xrightarrow {h\nu } \ Cl{\cdot }+{\cdot }Cl\quad (initiation)} }
  
  
    
      
        
          C
          l
          
            ⋅
          
          +
          R
          H
          ⟶
          
            ⋅
          
          R
          +
          H
          C
          l
          
          (
          c
          h
          a
          i
          n
          p
          r
          o
          p
          a
          g
          a
          t
          i
          o
          n
          )
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \mathrm {Cl{\cdot }+RH\longrightarrow {\cdot }R+HCl\quad (chainpropagation)} }
  
  
    
      
        
          R
          
            ⋅
          
          +
          C
          
            l
            
              2
            
          
          ⟶
          
            ⋅
          
          C
          l
          +
          R
          C
          l
          
          (
          c
          h
          a
          i
          n
          p
          r
          o
          p
          a
          g
          a
          t
          i
          o
          n
          )
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \mathrm {R{\cdot }+Cl_{2}\longrightarrow {\cdot }Cl+RCl\quad (chainpropagation)} }
  


== References ==
The county of Surrey is divided into 11 districts: Spelthorne, Runnymede, Surrey Heath, Woking, Elmbridge, Guildford, Waverley, Mole Valley, Epsom and Ewell, Reigate and Banstead, and Tandridge.
As there are 358 Grade II* listed buildings in the county they have been split into separate lists for each district.
Grade II* is the mid-rank.  Grade II is the initial rank with many more such buildings and particularly other structures, and Grade I is reserved to a very low percentage of buildings nationwide.

Grade II* listed buildings in Spelthorne (12)
Grade II* listed buildings in Runnymede (district) (20)
Grade II* listed buildings in Surrey Heath (5)
Grade II* listed buildings in Woking (district) (19)
Grade II* listed buildings in Elmbridge (23)
Grade II* listed buildings in Guildford (borough) (42)
Grade II* listed buildings in Mole Valley (50)
Grade II* listed buildings in Waverley, Surrey (95)
Grade II* listed buildings in Epsom and Ewell (17)
Grade II* listed buildings in Reigate and Banstead (23)
Grade II* listed buildings in Tandridge (district) (52)


== See also ==
Grade I listed buildings in Surrey
Abe Isoo (安部 磯雄, 4 February 1865 – 10 February 1949) was a Japanese Christian socialist, parliamentarian and pacifist. He largely contributed to development of baseball in Japan, and was called "Father of Japanese baseball." He created a baseball club of Waseda University.


== Early life and education ==
Abe was born in Fukuoka on 4 February 1865. He entered at Doshisha University in 1879, and got baptized by Joseph Hardy Neesima at February 2, 1882. In 1898, he created the first Consumers' co-operative of university in Japan at Doshisha. After he graduated from Doshissha, he studied abroad, including at the University of Berlin, before attending Hartford Theological Seminary in Hartford, Connecticut. It was while he was studying in Hartford that he became interested in socialism.


== Career ==
After returning to Japan, in 1899, Abe became a Unitarian preacher. He taught at the Waseda University starting in 1901, called Tokyo Semmon Gakko, at the time. He later became a faculty of political science and economics and taught there for 25 years. He occupied some important positions in the university like a dean of first School of Political Science and Economics and University Vice President. In 1901 he helped to found the short-lived Japanese Social-Democratic party, which the government swiftly prohibited.During the Russo-Japanese War, he advocated non-cooperation and participated in various early feminist movements. When the anti-war newspaper Heimin Shimbun (People's Weekly News) was banned, he started his own magazine, Shinkigen (A New Era). He used this as a soapbox to promote parliamentary socialism. In 1906, he played an instrumental role in founding the first Japanese Socialist Party, from which he advocated a Christian Socialist viewpoint. However, the government outlawed this party too in 1907. He dropped out of public life until after World War I, when he became active again. He founded the Japanese Fabian Society, in 1921, and in 1924, he became their first President. He resigned his teaching post to become the secretary-general of the Social Democratic Party. In 1928, he was elected to the Japanese Diet, where he held a seat for five consecutive elections. In 1932, he became a chairman of Shakai Taishuto (Social Mass Party). He withdrew from politics in 1940 due to the increasingly militaristic nature of the government of the time.


== Father of Baseball in Japan ==
He contributed to development and spread of baseball in japan, because he believed that personality was built with sports, like knowledge built with learning. Becoming the first manager of Waseda Baseball Club in 1901, he started Waseda–Keio rivalry. In 1905, during Russo-Japanese War, he took the team to the United States, and brought many techniques to Japan. He didn't keep the techniques secret, but spread them all over Japan with his books. He also established the Japan Amateur Sports Association(later Japan Sport Association) together with Jigoro Kano. Besides, he helped organizing of the first Olympic team of Japan competing at the Stockholm Olympic games in 1912. In 1930, he became the first chairman of Tokyo Big6 Baseball League. After WWII he also became the first chairman of Japan Student Baseball Association.
He is called 'Father of Baseball in Japan' or 'Father of Student Baseball' in Japan because of such contribution. Totsuka Ground, the main stadium of Waseda's baseball team, was changed its name to Abe Ground when he died in 1949. When Japanese Baseball Hall of Fame was opened in 1959, he was inducted into the hall.


== See also ==
Shinkigen


== References ==
Saint-André-de-Bâgé (French pronunciation: [sɛ̃.t‿ɑ̃dʁe də baʒe]) is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.


== Population ==


== See also ==
Communes of the Ain department


== References ==
She Makes Comics is a 2014 documentary film about the history of women in the comic book industry since the medium's beginnings in the early 1900s. It features interviews with key industry professionals, including artists, writers, editors, and retailers, as well as with prominent members of the surrounding fan culture.


== Background ==
She Makes Comics is the fifth co-production between Respect Films and Sequart Organization. The film was directed by Marisa Stotter, who began working with Respect Films during the summer of 2013. Production began in October 2013, with several interviews conducted in the Southern California region.


=== Kickstarter campaign ===
On February 3, 2014, Sequart Organization launched a Kickstarter campaign to fund the film. Over the 31-day funding period, the campaign raised $54,001, nearly $15,000 more than the initial goal. This surplus allowed the project to announce several stretch goals, including a mini-documentary about the first female African-American cartoonist, Jackie Ormes, that would be a companion to She Makes Comics.


== Production ==
The filmmakers traveled to several cities, including New York and San Diego, to conduct interviews with notable figures in comics. Among the creatives interviewed are writer Kelly Sue DeConnick, X-Men writer Chris Claremont, Elfquest creators Wendy and Richard Pini, artist Becky Cloonan, and Tits & Clits Comix co-founder Joyce Farmer. The industry professionals interviewed include former executive editor of DC Comics' Vertigo imprint Karen Berger, former president of DC Comics Paul Levitz, former DC publisher Jenette Kahn, Comic-Con International organizer Jackie Estrada, and Comics Beat's Heidi MacDonald. Additional interviews were filmed with various scholars, journalists, entertainers, and prominent members of the fan community.


== Release ==
The film premiered at the Comic-Con International Film Festival in 2015, where it won the best documentary award. The film was subsequently acquired for distribution by XLRator Media.


== Plot ==
The film traces the history of women in comic books as industry professionals and as fans. It begins with the early days of comics and follows the rise of women in the emerging comic book industry of the 30s and 40s. It tells the story of women's contributions to mainstream comics, featuring such figures as artists Ramona Fradon (who drew for DC Comics) and Marie Severin (who worked at Marvel Comics). The film also focuses on the underground comics movement of the 70s, the rise of women into prominent positions at mainstream publishers in the 80s, and the flourishing of female creators in independent comics and webcomics.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
She Makes Comics at IMDb
Elections were held in Lennox and Addington County, Ontario on October 25, 2010 in conjunction with municipal elections across the province.


== Lennox and Addington County Council ==
The County Council consists of the three municipal reeves, mayor of Greater Napanee and the three deputy reeves and the Deputy Reeve of Greater Napanee.


== Addington Highlands ==


== Greater Napanee ==


== Loyalist ==


== Stone Mills ==


== References ==
Sidi Hosni is a town and commune in Tiaret Province in north-western Algeria.


== References ==
Onychylis alternans is a species of marsh weevil in the beetle family Brachyceridae. It is found in North America.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Dame Mary Georgina Green DBE aka "Molly" Green (27 July 1913 – 19 April 2004) was an English headteacher who led Kidbrooke School, the first purpose-built comprehensive school in London.


== Life ==
Green was born in Wellingborough to Rose Margaret (born Gibbs) and Edwin George Green. Her father was a solicitor's clerk. Her schooling was usual but she was a linguist and studied modern languages at Westfield College, University of London.One of her first teaching jobs was at William Hulme's Grammar School in Manchester where she took the classes of a teacher who was away in the war. From there she obtained her first leadership post as head of Colston's Girls' School in Bristol. She was there until 1954 when she took the job of leading Kidbrooke School, the first purpose-built comprehensive school in London. She was not an educationalist or an intellectual, she would think and then do. She relied on her own experience and common sense to decide the right path. She did keep the accent from her former school and she aimed to deliver grammar style education. She would drive to work and leave the car for the staff to park it, and then don her academic gown to lead whole school assemblies of 2,000 girls.Green was later described as "the last of the great 'spinster headmistresses': one of the indomitable women who took command of Britain's wartime and postwar schools, spurred on by the revolutionary changes of the 1944 Education Act".
Her new school building was state of the art with parquetry floors, wooden tabletops, gyms, showers and a hall with a curved roof. The school field took land previously used as an Air Training Corps glider school; RAF Kidbrooke was its neighbour. The school uniform was symbolically in Royal Air Force colours, and the Countess Mountbatten of Burma opened the building in June 1955. The Minister for Education Florence Horsbrugh had taken an interest in its creation. She had denied the school an all-abilities (ie comprehensive) intake as a grammar school (Shooter's Hill) was allowed in the same catchment area where it could cream off some of the prospective pupils. One critic commented that the new school would be 'All equal and all stupid'.
Green was appointed to the Royal Commission on Trade Unions and Employers' Associations where she served for three years until it reported in 1968. In the 1968 New Year Honours she was made a Dame for "services to education" by Harold Wilson's government. The honour she said was for the school, she was just in the right place at the right time. Later she sat on government bodies looking at the pay of doctors, dentists and nurses. She helped oversee the British press as a governor of the BBC and as a member of the Press Council.
The school was opened in 1955 by Princess Margaret


== References ==
Sarah Blake Shaw (née Sturgis; August 31, 1815 – December 31, 1902) was an American abolitionist, women's rights supporter, anti-imperialist and philanthropist. 


== Biography ==
Shaw was the daughter of Bostonians Nathaniel Russell Sturgis (1779-1856) and Susannah Thomsen Parkman. She was the younger sister of merchant Russell Sturgis. She married Francis George Shaw on June 9, 1835. Shortly after their marriage, the Shaws became members of the Boston Society of the New Jerusalem—a part of The Church of The New Jerusalem (Swedenborgian or New Church). Church records indicate they keep their membership active at a distance through the 1890s). Some scholars have written it was a "part of the 'evangelical' wing of the Unitarian Church;" however, they are not accurate.In 1838, they joined the American Anti-Slavery Society and would later become founding members of the Unitarian Church in Staten Island, New York. The mother of Robert Gould Shaw and Josephine Shaw Lowell, Sarah Blake Shaw died at age 87 on December 31, 1902.Of her personality and intellect, author William Rhinelander Stewart wrote, "Whatever things were best in art, literature, or music instantly appealed to her, and were loved from the time she first saw or heard them; and with the aid of a retentive memory, she was able even towards the close of a life prolonged to her eighty-seventh year to recite whole pages of Shakespeare and Milton, her favorite poets." And from the pen of Century Magazine editor Richard Watson Gilder, a poem —


== References ==
Eschata argentata is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Frederic Moore in 1888. It is found in Darjeeling, India.


== References ==
Gunton is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Bob Gunton (born 1945), American actor
Colin Gunton (1941–2003), British theologian
Frederick Gunton (1813–1888), English organist
George Gunton (1845–1919), American economist
Mike Gunton, British television producer
Rebecca Joanne Gunton (born 1976), birth name of English news presenter Becky Jago
Samuel Gunton (1883–1959), English association football player
Simon Gunton (1609–1676), English divine and antiquary
Vasyl' Mykolayovych Verkhovynets' (1880 - 1938) was an actor, conductor, composer, voice teacher, amateur musicologist, balletmaster, choreographer and dance ethnographer He is credited for fundamentally altering the course of Ukrainian dance by devising a method of transcribing dance to paper, recording traditional dances and steps from numerous villages, setting dances on a stage, and fostering generations of Ukrainian dance researchers and practitioners. He was also the founder of the modern three-part hopak.
Vasyl' Verkhovynets' was born "Vasyl' Kostiv" in Myzun, on January 5, 1880.


== References ==
In English:

Shatulsky, Myron (1980). The Ukrainian Folk Dance, Kobzar Publishing Co. Ltd. ISBN 0-9692078-5-9.
Zerebecky, Bohdan (1985). Ukrainian Dance Resource Booklets, Series I-IV, Ukrainian Canadian Committee, Saskatchewan Provincial Council.In Ukrainian:

Avramenko, Vasyl (1947). Ukrainian National Dances, Music, and Costumes, National Publishers, Ltd.
Humeniuk, Andriy (1962). Ukrainian Folk Dance, Academy of Sciences Ukrainian of the SSR.
Humeniuk, Andriy (1963). Folk Choreographic Art of Ukraine, Academy of Sciences of the Ukrainian SSR.
Verkhovynets’, Vasyl’ (1912). Ukrainian Wedding.
Verkhovynets’, Vasyl’(1919). Theory of Ukrainian Folk Dance.
Verkhovynets’, Vasyl’ (1925). Vesnyanochka State Publishers of the Ukraine.
Verkhovynets’, Yaroslav (1963). Biographical outline of Vasyl' Verkhovynets' in the third edition of Theory of Ukrainian Folk Dance, State Publishers of Pictorial Art and Musical Literature.
Habiller is a village in the Havsa District of Edirne Province in Turkey. The village had a population of 220 in 2022.


== References ==
Hein Mulders (born 9 October 1962 in Bussum) is a Dutch cultural manager and intendant of the Saalbau Essen since the beginning of the 2013/14 season.


== Life ==
Mulders studied art history in Paris, archaeology, Italian and musicology as well as art history in Amsterdam. He began his professional career for five years as orchestra manager of the Dutch National Youth Orchestra in Amsterdam and then spent eleven years as casting director of the Vlaamse Opera in Antwerp. He then became artistic director of De Nederlandse Opera Amsterdam.
Since the beginning of the 2013/14 season, Mulders has been in charge of the Aalto-Theater as the successor to Stefan Soltesz and the Philharmonie in Essen. He appointed the Czech Tomáš Netopil as general music director.


== References ==


== External links ==
Literature by and about Hein Mulders in the German National Library catalogue
Hein Mulders at IMDb
Hein Mulders, bei Aalto-Theater
Hein Mulders, bei Aalto-Theater
Interview to Russian magazin OperaNews.ru
The men's singles nine-ball competition at the 2013 World Games took place from 26 to 30 July at the Unidad Deportiva Alberto Galindo in Cali, Colombia.


== Last 16 ==


== Last 8 ==


== References ==
Tiāntángzhài (Chinese: 天堂寨) is the second highest peak of the Dabie Mountains located on the border between Hubei and Anhui provinces in the People's Republic of China. Straddling Hubei's Luotian County and Huanggang City along with Jinzhai County in Anhui, the mountain rises to a height of 1,729.13 metres (5,673.0 ft) above sea level. It forms the watershed between the Huai and Yangtze Rivers and is also known as the "Number one pass in the southeastern Yangtze River region" (吴楚东南第一关).
During the Tang and Song dynasties Tiantangzhai was known as "Yun Shan" (云山, Cloud Mountain). In the Yuan and Ming Dynasties it became "Duoyun Shan" (多云山, Mountain of Many Clouds). The present name dates from the Qing Dynasty.


== Tourism ==
There are three national forest parks in the vicinity of the mountain: Dabie Mountain National Forest Park in Luotian County, Tiantangtai National Forest Park in Jinzhai County, and Wujia Mountain National Forest Park in Yingshang County, Anhui Province.
In 1987, Tiantangzhai became a provincial level scenic area and in 1992 the State Forestry Administration approved the establishment of Tiantangtai International Forest Park. The Chinese State Council promoted the area to national scenic area in 1998. In August 2008, the Land & Resources Bureau approved the creation of Dabie Mountain State Geological Park (大别山国家地质公园). In 2007 the whole area became a National 4A Tourism Area.


== Flora and fauna ==
Tiantangzhai is home to more than 1,000 plant and animal species including many types of oak and cherry-apple trees as well as protected plants such as the Chinese plum yew and Chinese tulip tree. There are 18 rare animal species such as the leopard, small Indian civet, and Chinese giant salamander.


== References ==
Keedoozle was the first fully automated grocery store in the United States, a vending machine concept developed by grocer Clarence Saunders in 1937. It is often held that the name "Keedoozle" was coined by Saunders to refer to the technology used, in which a "Key Does All" for the grocery shopper, but another interview with Saunders  appears to contradict this.
The Keedoozle concept was intended to be a grocery shopper labor-saving and cost-saving device. These groceries were offered at a cost of 10% - 15% below the going rate. The Keedoozle store sold mostly dry goods at a half a penny to three cents over cost. Saunders developed this concept from his self-service Piggly Wiggly grocery store concept.Saunders' Keedoozle was a prototype for a store for automatic dispensing of groceries and registering the total cost at the pick up counter. Sample merchandise was displayed behind rows of little display cabinets of glass boxes. Shoppers selected their merchandise with a key given to them initially. Customers then put the key in labeled keyholes at the merchandise display and selected the quantity.Electric circuits caused perforations to be cut in a ticker tape attached to the face of the customer's key. The customer then took the punched out tape to the cashier for processing. The cashier would insert the tape into a reading mechanism that would electronically read it. That set off electrical and electronic circuits which started the goods sliding down conveyor belts and did the cost tallying in the process.The key-activated mechanism was not completely automated, however. Their groceries were hidden behind stockroom walls and refrigeration units. Stock personnel had put their selected items onto conveyor belts physically that in turn moved to the cashier for check out. A mechanism added up the tally for the customer's total bill. The shoppers picked up their groceries all wrapped up or boxed accordingly when they paid.


== Technology ==
The Keedoozle idea was too complicated, which led to its demise. Contemporary technology was unable to handle the concept. Circuits got mixed up easily and shoppers got the wrong merchandise. The conveyor belt system was not capable of handling such a high traffic load, especially at peak times.Another reason given for these failures was that it was too far ahead of the buying habits of the public. One quote from journal Automation in Marketing said that it was just too much for the average mind to grasp; too far in advance of the public thinking. Saunders received posthumously the 1958 U.S. patent 2,820,591 for the Keedoozle technology concept.The concept instead has evolved into the self checkout shopping environment. Historians say Saunders' concept was fifty years ahead of its time. Some say the concept could likely return. Automation in Marketing said that "the technology exists, and the mood in America is ripe for this concept."


== Stores ==
Three Keedoozle stores total were built. The first Keedoozle store was opened in Memphis, Tennessee, on May 15, 1937, by the Keedoozle Corporation of which Saunders was president. This first store closed after a few months because the mechanical technology was not capable of handling the high traffic loads. This store reopened in 1939 in the same location but failed again for the same reason.The third store built in 1948 was at the corner of Poplar and Union Extended in Memphis. It was open for a little over a year and also failed for the same reason as the first two attempts. This third and final store has since been torn down.


== See also ==
Automated retail


== Notes ==


== References ==


== Bibliography ==
Segrave, Kerry, Vending Machines, McFarland (2002), ISBN 0-7864-1369-7
Mayo, Anthony J. et al., In Their Time, Harvard Business Press (2005), ISBN 1-59139-345-0
"El Amor Que Perdimos" (English: "The Love That We Lost") is a 2010 song by American singer Prince Royce. The song was released in January 2011 as the third single taken from Royce's debut studio album, Prince Royce (2010). It won the Lo Nuestro Award for Tropical Song of the Year.


== Charts ==


=== Weekly charts ===


=== Year-end charts ===


== Certifications ==


== References ==
Mordella aculeata is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Mordellidae, which is part of the superfamily Tenebrionoidea. It was discovered in 1758.


== Subspecies ==
Mordella aculeata aculeata Linnaeus, 1758
Mordella aculeata multilineata Champion, 1927
Mordella aculeata nigripalpis Shchegolvera-Barovskaya, 1931


== References ==


== External links ==

Fauna Europaea
Samla is a village and former Rajput princely state on Saurashtra peninsula, in Gujarat state, western India.


== History ==
Samla was one of the many petty princely states of Jhalawar prant, which during the British raj was handled by the colonial Eastern Kathiawar Agency. 
It comprised one other village and was ruled by a Jhala Rajput Chieftain. It had a population in 1901 of 961, yielding a state revenue of 8,000 Rupees (1903-4, solely from land), paying a tribute of 1,063 Rupees, to the British and Junagadh State.


== External links ==
Imperial Gazetteer on DSAL - Kathiawar
Chartres – Champhol Aerodrome (French: Aérodrome de Chartres - Champhol) (ICAO: LFOR) is an airport serving Chartres and Champhol, in the Eure-et-Loir department in north-central France. The airport is located 2.5 km (1.3 NM) east-northeast of Chartres and it is southeast of Champhol. It supports general aviation with no commercial airline service scheduled.


== History ==
The facility was a military field, prior to 1870, dedicated to cavalry.


=== Pilots' school during World War I ===
The first plane designed by engineer Clément Ader was tested there, yet failed to take off on October 9, 1890. Chartres' airfield started in 1909.
From March 1915 to the end of World War I, an important military training center for pilots was set up; it was on the top of military flying schools in France, and many famous pilots were trained in Chartres.
At this time, the airfield was opened to civil aircraft as well as military.
In 1923, the "22e Régiment Aérien de bombardement de nuit" (22nd Night Bombardment Squadron) was located in Chartres, with Amiot 143 bombers and, later, the Bloch 131.


=== From WW I to WW II: Bomber and fighter squadrons ===
An important bombing squadron, the "22e Régiment Aérien de Bombardement de Nuit" (Night Bombing Squadron), settled in Chartres, in 1923.
The French Air Force was born on 1 April 1933.
The 6e Escadre de Chasse (6th Fighting Squadron) landed in Chartres in 1936.
It was reinforced by the Armée de l'Air as a military airfield after the Invasion of Poland in September 1939. The French Air Force based Morane-Saulnier MS-230 fighters at the airfield for the defense of the Chartres region. Bloch 151s were also assigned, with Czechoslovakian pilots being assigned to the airfield.


=== World War II ===


==== Training for fighter pilots ====
From 1939 to May, 1940 a training unit for fighter pilots worked in Chartres: the "Centre d'Instruction de la Chasse" (Fighting Training Centre). Many of them fought against German planes.
The airfield was first attacked by the German Luftwaffe on 3 June 1940 by a formation of 15 twin engine Dornier Do 17 light bombers. It was surrendered along with the rest of the French Air Force bases in France at the Second Armistice at Compiègne on 22 June and was seized by the occupying German Army.


==== German use ====
After the Battle of France, Chartres was used as a Luftwaffe military airfield during the occupation. Known units assigned (all from Luftlotte 3, Fliegerkorps IV):
Kampfgeschwader 100 (KG 100) 17 June-19 July 1941; 29 November 1941 – 21 April 1942 Heinkel He 111H (Fuselage Code 6N+)
Lehr & Erprobungskommando 100 (LEKG 100) January–June 1942 Heinkel He 111H
Kampfgeschwader 53 (KG 53) 15 July-16 August 1942 Heinkel He 111H (Fuselage Code A1+)
Kampfgeschwader 66 (KG 66) April–June 1943 Dornier Do 217, Junkers Ju 88A (Fuselage Code Z6+)
Nahaufklärungsgruppe 13 (NKG 13) 7 June–August 1944 Junkers Ju 88
Kampfgeschwader 55 (KG 55) 27 July 1943 – 18 June 1944 Focke-Wulf Fw 190 (Fuselage Code G1+)KG 100, KG 53, KG 66 were all night bombardment units that engaged in operations over England; LEKG 100 was a Luftwaffe Commando unit capable of dropping parachutists; KG 55 was a day interceptor unit against Eighth Air Force daylight bombing raids; NKG 13 was a night interceptor unit against Royal Air Force night bombing attacks.
The Chartres area was heavily attacked on several missions by United States Army Air Force Eighth Air Force bombers in 1943 and 1944 and the airport was singularly attacked on 15 September 1943 by 22 B-24 Liberators of the 44th Bombardment Group. Additional attacks on the airfield were made on 2 March and 25 March 1944 by B-17 Flying Fortresses of the 94th Bombardment Group and 388th Bombardment Group of the 4th Bombardment Wing.Just prior to the D-Day landings in Normandy, additional attacks were made on the airfield by B-26 Marauder medium bombers of the IX Bomber Command 322d Bombardment Group during May 1944. It was attacked again during June and July after the landings by the 397th and 416th Bombardment Groups.


==== American use ====
It was liberated by Allied ground forces about 21 August 1944 during the Northern France Campaign. Almost immediately, the USAAF IX Engineer Command 832nd and 833rd Engineer Aviation Battalions began clearing the airport of mines and destroyed Luftwaffe aircraft, and repairing operational facilities for use by American aircraft. Subsequently, Chartres Airport became a USAAF Ninth Air Force combat airfield, designated as "A-40" about 26 August, only a week after its capture from German forces.Once declared operationally ready, the airfield had a concrete runway 5500' long aligned 08/26, with much Pierced Steel Planking used to repair the damage caused by the frequent Allied bombing. Most hangars and support buildings were destroyed and subsequently, tents had to be used for billeting and also for support facilities along with a drinkable water supply and minimal electrical grid established for communications and station lighting.Under American control, Chartres initially became the home of the 368th Fighter Group, which flew P-47 Thunderbolts from the field starting on 23 August, remaining until 11 September. They were replaced by the B-26 Marauder-equipped 323d Bombardment Group on 21 September, flying combat missions until 13 October 1944.The combat units moved out at the end of October 1944, and until the end of the war, Chartres became a resupply and combat casualty evacuation airfield, and performing other support roles for the Allies. It was returned to French civil control in June 1945.


=== French Air Force use ===
World War II had almost totally destroyed Champhol Airport. Much unexploded and excess wartime ordnance needed to be removed and the entire infrastructure was in ruins. The previous airfield of the "22e Régiment de Bombardement Aérien" was reconstructed as Chartres Air Base (BA 122) (Base Aérienne 122 Chartres-Champhol) and used by the French Air Force.
This base was very active, mainly with flying squadrons specialised in tactical transport, such as the 61e Escadre de Transport. Those planes were involved in battles of the French wars in Indochine (Vietnam) and Algeria. In 1953, planes and flying squadrons were based on the French Air Force base of Orléans, due to the danger of flights with big planes close to the famous cathedral of Chartres.
It remained an important Air Force base after 1953, and included technical units, a military training center (CIMCA 41.122) and a broadcasting station.
The French Air Force closed the military air base in 1997.


== Current ==
The field was replaced by a totally new civilian facility which is much smaller than the prewar airport. It has an asphalt main runway and a secondary turf runway for small aircraft and glider use. The runway and ground support buildings are on the south side of the former airport and wartime runway. In addition, an industrial park was built on part of the former airport
What appear to be hangars are on the north side of the airport, about 200m north of the runway, and unconnected with the current airport, were probably part of the former military airfield. Also it appears that the north side of the airport, the location of the prewar airport and wartime airfield, remains under French military control, as aerial photography and satellite images of the area are either intentionally blurred or blanked for undetermined reasons. What appears to be remains of the old main runway, part of the 26 end of the runway, and old taxiways and possibly dispersal hardstands are in the blurred area.


== Facilities ==
The airport resides at an elevation of 509 feet (155 m) above mean sea level. It has one paved runway designated 10/28 which measures 840 by 25 metres (2,756 ft × 82 ft). It also has a parallel unpaved runway with a grass surface measuring 900 by 100 metres (2,953 ft × 328 ft).


== See also ==
Advanced Landing Ground
Base Aérienne 122 Chartres-Champhol within Wikipedia in French


== References ==
 This article incorporates public domain material from the Air Force Historical Research Agency


== External links ==
Current weather for LFOR at NOAA/NWS
Accident history for LFOR at Aviation Safety Network
Airport information for QTJ at Great Circle Mapper.
Chartres Air Force Base in 1925 Map and Flight rules
The Prussian invasion of Holland was a military campaign under the leadership of Charles William Ferdinand, Duke of Brunswick, against the rise of the democratic Patriot movement in the Dutch Republic in September–October 1787 with the aim of disempowering the patriots and disarming the Free Corps, as well as reinstating the William V of Orange as hereditary stadtholder in the Dutch Republic.


== Background ==

The direct cause was the arrest at Bonrepas of  Stadtholder's wife, Wilhelmina of Prussia, on 28 June 1787. She was on her way from Nijmegen, where William V had taken refuge, to The Hague, where she intended to request her husband to be allowed to return to, after the States of Holland had fired him as Captain General of their troops in 1786.This had not been done on a whim: the decision to travel to The Hague had only been taken after Gijsbert Karel van Hogendorp had undertaken a secret mission to the Orangist leaders in that city to discuss its advisability, because her husband was, as usual, hesitating about what course of action to follow. The leader of the Orangist party in The Hague, the British envoy James Harris saw possibilities to put pressure on the States of Holland if the Princess suddenly arrived, and he told van Hogendorp to give the green light to the Princess, who was with her husband in the armed camp of the Dutch States Army in Amersfoort. The stadtholder then grudgingly gave his consent.The Princess then returned to Nijmegen, while preparations for the journey to The Hague were made by ordering fresh horses  for her carriages along the route in two places. This caused suspicion among the Patriot Free Corps in the area, who in this way were alerted to her supposedly secret travel plans. The military authorities posted Free Corps patrols in the affected area with orders to intercept her. When on 28 June 1787 she departed from Nijmegen to The Hague with a small retinue (a chamberlain, a lady in waiting, and two officers, colonel Rudolph Bentinck, an adjutant of the stadtholder, and Frederick Stamford, the military tutor of her sons), but no armed escort (Harris had advised it was safe enough to only take a bag of gold along to bribe Patriot Free Corps with) she was indeed intercepted near Goejanverwellesluis by a Free Corps patrol from Gouda. She was not mistreated, as has been asserted by Orangist propagandists, but only temporarily detained in a nearby farm, to await the arrival of members of the Military Commission in Woerden. The only untoward thing that happened was that the leader of the patrol drew his saber, but he put it back in its scabbard when requested. When the Military Commission arrived she was told she would not be allowed to proceed to The Hague, for fear of instigating public unrest there, but she was immediately released, and allowed to return to Nijmegen.


== Diplomatic preliminaries ==
  Meanwhile, Harris in The Hague was worried about the lack of news about the Princess. He was playing cards with the French envoy Vérac that evening, and was so off his game that he lost a lot of money. As soon as he received news about the interception, he regained his composure, and started to take advantage of the situation, thereby supporting the suspicion on the part of the French and the Patriots that he had all the time conspired to bring the event about, and that it was no more than a provocation. And this was more or less the consensus in diplomatic circles in The Hague, though hypotheses about who actually conspired with whom varied.In any case, the Princess, back in Nijmegen, on 29 June wrote letters of complaint to her husband's nephew, king George III of the United Kingdom, and her brother king Frederick William II of Prussia. Her husband was little help: he wrote to his daughter, Princess Louise: "The misfortune which I foresaw has happened ... I was always against this journey and in my misfortune it is a great consolation that I did what was in my power to stop it and to dissuade your Mother from such a risky venture."Though the Princess did not expect much from her brother at first, her message fell onto fertile ground. Since the death of his predecessor Frederick the Great the previous year, the new king had given new hope to the pro-British court party around minister Hertzberg, and lessened the influence of the pro-French party of Hertzberg's rival, minister Finckenstein. Hertzberg was opposed to the alliance between France and Austria which at the time held the upper hand on the European Continent, and the détente the old Prussian king had maintained with France, and which had previously held Prussia back from all too aggressive interventions in the Dutch Republic that might offend France. The incident with the Princess played into his hands. Fredrick William's first impulse was rage; he instructed the Prussian envoy in The Hague, Thulemeyer to protest to the States General of the Netherlands about the insult to his sister, and to demand from the States of Holland that they would give her satisfaction, though this protest did not yet take the form of an ultimatum.The Princess saw the possibilities immediately: she wrote a letter to her brother on 13 July in which she proposed that he would use the situation to bring about the restoration of her husband to his office of Captain-General and to liberate the Republic from the Patriots. But she overplayed her hand, because at this time Frederick was only interested in an apology, and did not conflate this with something that might frustrate the attempts at mediation France and Prussia had previously made. Stamford, who had conveyed the Princess's letter by hand, heard the king exclaim: "The b... wants to draw me into a war, but I'll show her that she doesn't lead me." Envoy Thulemeyer also played a moderating role, be it with questionable means, as he lied both to the Dutch politicians and his own government about what either had actually said, so as to calm tempers on both sides. When the Princess became aware of this double play, she started to work for Thulemeyer's recall. Thulemeyer also tried to cool the Prussian ardor by exaggerating the rumors about French preparations for war in case of a Prussian intervention in the form of establishing an armed camp in Givet on the border between France and the neutral Prince-Bishopric of Liège, that provided a theoretical route for a French army to the Netherlands, that circumvented the Austrian Netherlands.The camp in Givet was not entirely a figment of people's imaginations, as the first response of the French government to the threatening language of the Prussian king (and the movements to the Dutch border at Wesel of Prussian troops) had indeed been to erect such a camp, and to garrison it with a formidable military force (15,000 men). But these rumors had on 29 June elicited a threatening diplomatic note from the British government that had given France pause. For the moment the French pretended that the alleged military build-up was just intended to "train the troops" and the preparations actually had halted. But around the end of July the French Cabinet appears to have seriously discussed the plan to mount such a force. The minister of Foreign Affairs, Montmorin, and the minister for War, de Ségur, were in favor, but the Finance Minister
Brienne vetoed the plan, for lack of money. From that time on the Camp of Givet was nothing more than a French bluff to keep the Prussians and British guessing, and the Patriots hoping.The reason why the British government was so alert to French military moves, was that the British Cabinet of Prime Minister William Pitt and Foreign Secretary Carmarthen had just in May fully endorsed the policy of active support of the "British" party (i.e. the Orangists) in the Republic, together with a campaign of subversion, espoused by Harris. Harris was of necessity (as Carmarthen offered little guidance) an envoy who not so much executed foreign policy, as made it. Ever since he arrived in the Dutch Republic at the end of 1784 he had immersed himself in its politics, and become the de facto leader of the Orangists. He had surrounded himself with agents of influence, like the Zeeland pensionaries Van de Spiegel and Van Citters, and other secret agents, like baron van Kinckel and count Charles Bentinck, who not only gathered intelligence, but actively took part in secret operations. At first his financial outlays had been relatively modest, on the same scale as those of his French colleague Vérac, but in May he had conceived a plan on a far larger scale. The immediate cause was that the Orangist States of Gelderland, who were financing the States Army troops that the States of Holland had tried to recall to the Holland borders in 1786, were now in severe financial difficulties, because of this unusual extra expense. Harris estimated that he needed £70,000 to support Gelderland. The Cabinet granted these funds, money to be laundered through the Civil list of king George with his grudging approval. It was clear that other expenses of the campaign of subversion also would be financed from this slush fund. Once he returned to the Republic Harris' agents swarmed out to bribe officers of several States Army regiments, paid by the States of Holland, to defect. The States were forced by their success to cashier a large number of officers whose loyalty was in doubt. This caused a tug of war with the other provinces in the States-General in June with parliamentary chicanes around the status of the delegations of the rival States of Utrecht determining temporary 4-3 majorities for either the Patriot or the Orangist side in the States General. Eventually there was a complete breach between the States of Holland and the majority of the States General (the provinces of Zeeland, Gelderland, Friesland and Utrecht (Amersfoort)) at the end of June In sum, Harris' efforts severely undermined the military power of the Patriot States of Holland, which might have shifted the balance of military power to the stadtholder, if it had come to a full-blown civil war. For that reason the States of Holland on 23 June (so before the incident at Goejanverwellesluis) passed a resolution asking for mediation between the warring parties in the Republic by France.Diplomatic mediation, far from being a form of conflict resolution by a neutral third party, could more cynically be defined as the imposition of a political arrangement on often unwilling parties by one or more foreign powers, with their own agenda that determined the contents of the arrangement. France had certainly its own ideas about what the arrangement should be: the return to either the Dutch constitution during the two "stadtholderless periods" of 1650-1672 and 1702-1747, or at least to the era in which the formal powers of the stadtholder were far less than after 1747 (for instance like under the stadtholderate of Frederick Henry). On the other hand, the French king had been adamant that he did not want any "democratic" experiments in the Dutch Republic. As a matter of fact, the position of Vérac, who had actively supported the "democrats", had been much weakened after the death of Vergennes and the fall of Calonne in early 1787, and his recall would follow just before the diplomatic situation exploded in September 1787, at exactly the wrong moment. The "solution" that a French mediation would supply would therefore satisfy the "aristocratic" Patriots, but would severely disappoint the "democratic" Patriots. But despite this hidden French agenda, Vérac (and his colleague Jean-François de Bourgoing, who had joined him as a special envoy in the Spring of 1787) kept indicating a willingness to support the Patriots (of both varieties) militarily. At the request of Vérac, the new French Foreign Minister Montmorin authorized on 7 July the surreptitious sending of two detachments of 50 engineers and one of 50 gunners to the Military Commission in Woerden. They arrived in small groups, in civilian clothing, but Harris soon discovered the covert operation.Though the States of Holland preferred French mediation, there were obviously other candidates. Prussia had offered its "good offices" long before the incident at Goejanverwellesluis, and sent Johann Eustach von Görtz to mediate between the stadtholder and the "aristocratic" Patriots in the Fall of 1786. Obviously, his idea of a "solution" was biased more in the direction of the situation as it had been before 1780, but he was open to a compromise, that would take away the main grievances of the "aristocratic" Patriots, which implied a weakening of the position of the stadtholder. Von Görtz had achieved little, however. After the request by the States of Holland for French mediation, that France accepted on 18 July, the matter became more urgent for the Prussians, however, even without the complication of the incident at Goejanverwellesluis. Montmorin gave them an opening when on 13 July he asked if the Prussians would be interested in joint mediation, and proposed a package that would consist of a number of de-escalating military steps in the Republic; the renunciation by the States of Holland of their support for the demands of the democrats; the suppression of the virulent Patriot press; and some kind of "satisfaction" to be offered by the States of Holland to the Princess, in the form of an invitation to visit The Hague.
This may sound reasonable, but unfortunately for Montmorin these proposals were unacceptable for the Patriots. Their view was that the incident with the Princess was a non-event; that she had been treated politely enough, and that her temporary detention was her own fault; that the States of Holland were fully within their rights to prevent her from coming to The Hague to preserve public order; that therefore there had been no insult, and there was no need for an apology, let alone "satisfaction." And this on 14 July had been the reply to Frederick William's diplomatic protest of early July. The Prussian king, not pleased that he was not taken seriously, now decided to concentrate a force of 20,000 soldiers near Wesel on the Prussian-Dutch border, and to offer the command over this force to the Duke of Brunswick. But even on 8 August he indicated behind the scenes that this did not imply a fixed intent to initiate military steps. This would depend on a more satisfying attitude by the States of Holland.However, this was a political impossibility for the States of Holland: for the democrats the admission of the Princess to The Hague had acquired great symbolic significance. If the "triumvirate" of "aristocratic" Patriot pensionaries (Zeebergh, de Gijselaar, and van Berckel) and the Grand Pensionary Pieter van Bleiswijk would accede to the Prussian demand, that would cause a popular insurrection against them. The lack of a positive reaction of the Holland government caused a shift in the stance of the Prussian government, promoted by Hertzberg, who was assisted by a "leak" of the British government to the Prussians of its correspondence with the French government about its demand to be allowed to join the mediation. This made clear that the French already had acceded to this demand, without informing the Prussians. It also became clear that the British were far more enthusiastic about putting pressure on the Patriots than the French. Harris always had sonorously given as his motive his respect for "the Ancient Dutch Constitution" (by which he meant the arrangement that had been instituted in 1747 and was therefore at the time only forty years old) that had to be Restored (also because it implicitly guaranteed British "rights" to a preponderant position in the Low Countries in the name of maintaining the Balance of Power on the Continent). This fully complied with the Orangist position in the conflict with the Patriots. In other words, the British standpoint was incompatible with the French one as a basis for a compromise to be imposed in the mediation. But it was attractive to Prussia, because the British fully supported the king's demand for "satisfaction", and they encouraged him to take military steps.The French started to become nervous because of these developments, and Montmorin warned the Patriots on 18 August that they had to accommodate the Prussians, as France was not ready to be dragged into a war on their behalf. But the Patriots ignored him. Vérac's position became untenable due to his apparent lack of influence on the Patriots, who appeared to have taken the bit between their teeth, and he was recalled on 20 August; he was temporarily succeeded by Antoine-Bernard Caillard as Chargé d'affaires on 10 September. Around this time there also was a government crisis in France, as Brienne was appointed "premier ministre" by king Louis, and de Ségur resigned in protest. As a consequence France was without a minister for War during the crucial month of September 1787.Meanwhile, the French bluff about the armed camp at Givet had been discovered by the British who had sent out several spies to the area and seen no troops there. The British Cabinet also sent William Grenville to the Netherlands for a fact-finding mission, and he sent in a report that fully supported Harris' policy. Both pieces of information hardened the position of the British government. King George had in June declared that it was impossible for the country to go to war, but in early August he indicated his approval for Harris' policies. As a consequence, the British approaches to Prussia were becoming more specific. The government sent general Fawcett to the Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel to negotiate the hiring of mercenary troops, to be used to support a possible Prussian military intervention. Though the treaty with the Landgrave for 12,000 troops was eventually only signed on 28 September, the gesture was sufficient for the Prussians to be assured of the British bona fides.Together with the outbreak of the Russo-Turkish War on 19 August this decided the Prussian king in favor of an invasion of Holland. Brunswick advised him that if he wanted to go through with it, it had to be before October, as the weather would otherwise make a campaign impossible. On 3 September the British envoy in Berlin, Joseph Ewart, presented a note in which an agreement was proposed for Anglo-Prussian cooperation in operations against the Dutch. The common objective was to be the restoration of the stadtholder to his former position. The Prussian army was to remain encamped in Gelderland for the duration of the Winter, whatever the outcome of the conflict, and Britain would subsidize the expenses. Britain would hire German troops to support the Prussians. Britain would warn France that if it tried to intervene, Britain would mobilize its sea and land forces. Prussia and Britain would act in concert in further measures. After that events developed rapidly.


== The Campaign ==

The ultimatum issued on 9 September 1787 by the Prussian ambassador Thulemeyer to the States of Holland mentioned only one casus belli: It asked ...that their Noble and Great Mightinesses agree to punish, at the request of the Princess, those who would be considered culpable of offenses against Her August Person.
In other words, the Prussian war aims  were quite limited, and intentionally so, firstly to avoid being seen as unreasonable by the other European Great Powers, and secondly, because the Prussian king had at this stage no intention of overturning the Holland government, possibly obligating him to engage in a lengthy and costly occupation. The matter was supposed to be resolved in a fortnight, and therefore the troops were only provisioned for a campaign of short duration.The command of the invading troops was entrusted to Generalfeldmarschall Charles William Ferdinand, Duke of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel, coincidentally a nephew of Duke Louis Ernest of Brunswick-Lüneburg, the old mentor of William V. His army consisted of about 20,000 Prussian soldiers, in three divisions, commanded by the generals Lottum, Gaudi and Knobelsdorff, Romberg and Kalckreuth. After the ultimatum had expired (the States of Holland had not replied to it, at the counsel of pensionary Adriaan van Zeebergh) they marched on 13 September 1787 from their starting line at Zyfflich to Nijmegen, where they were joined by the troops of the garrison of the Dutch States Army  in that city under command of the stadtholder. The Prussian government had asked permission from the States of Gelderland, Utrecht and Overijssel for the march through those lands, as their conflict was with Holland only. After entering the Netherlands, the Prussian army split in its three components, which marched in three columns: Knobelsdorff, together with the Duke, took the Southern route along the river Waal to the fortress city of Gorinchem. Gaudi's division split in two detachments after Arnhem, and marched on both banks of the river Rhine towards Utrecht. Finally, Lottum's division, mainly cavalry, moved North-West from Arnhem to the Veluwe and ultimately the coast of the Zuiderzee toward the Eastern border of Holland, and the Hollandse Waterlinie. In theory they could expect resistance from the Patriot troops in the city of Utrecht and in fortifications along the Rhine near Jutphaas and Vreeswijk (mostly members of Free Corps and the "Legion of Salm") and the States Army garrisons of a number of fortress cities (Woerden, Gorinchem, Naarden, Weesp), and the capital in those days, The Hague, who had been withdrawn in October 1786 from the command of the stadtholder by the States of Holland. But the loyalty of these mercenary troops was very doubtful, in view of the wholesale desertions during the preceding months. Besides the Nijmegen garrison of the States Army, the Prussian troops could count on the support of the States Army garrisons of Amersfoort and Zeist, who were more or less besieging Utrecht from a distance.


=== Utrecht ===
The Gaudi division was supposed to attack Utrecht and the fortifications South of that city, but this proved unnecessary. The Rhinegrave was very aware of the strategic danger that the two-pronged attack (north and south of the city) posed. It was likely that the Prussians simply would pass him by and encircle the city, in which case his main force would become entrapped, and the Hague would become endangered. For that reason he asked the Defense Council in Woerden, that was in nominal command of the Holland troops in Utrecht, on 14 September for permission to evacuate Utrecht the next day, and to retreat to Amsterdam where he proposed to make a stand. The only hope of the Patriots appeared to be to hold out until they could be relieved by a French army that was rumored to stand ready in Givet on the border of France and the neutral Prince-Bishopric of Liège to march to the Netherlands, so if the Patriots could defend Amsterdam long enough for the French to arrive, they might still be saved. The permission was given and the evacuation started the next day and soon degenerated into total chaos. The Free Corps became totally demoralized and threw away their arms. Only the Legion of Salm maintained its composure and reached the outskirts of Amsterdam on the 16th. But the Prussians were able to occupy Utrecht unopposed the same day, and move on to The Hague.The fortress city of Gorinchem (the only garrison south of Amsterdam still in a position to offer resistance, after the Woerden Defense Council had ordered all other troops to retreat to Amsterdam on 15 September) was ordered to surrender by Knobelsdorff on 17 September. The town was commanded by Alexander van der Capellen, a brother of the Patriot leader Robert Jasper van der Capellen. He recognized that his position was hopeless due to the lack of preparations for a siege. Furthermore, a few weeks earlier the two States Army regiments that had been garrisoned in the city had been bribed by one of Harris' agents to defect wholesale, taking their cannon with them. The only defenders left were Free Corps. He therefore capitulated after a token bombardment by the Prussians, and he and his troops were made prisoners of war and transported to Wesel, where he was treated so badly, that he died in December 1787. The road to Dordrecht and Rotterdam lay now completely open for the Prussians.The divisions of Gaudi and Knobelsdorff now marched together to Schoonhoven where the defense line proved to be evacuated, so that the Prussian troops and their States-Army companions could march unhindered to The Hague. In that city a revolution had meanwhile taken place. On 15 September the "triumvirate" of the pensionaries  Zeebergh, de Gijselaar, and van Berckel had proposed to the States of Holland that they also should move to Amsterdam, as The Hague was no longer safe. However, a few Holland cities that still were in Orangist hands, and the Holland ridderschap (College of Nobles) opposed the move, so that only the delegations of the Patriot cities actually moved to Amsterdam the next day. The rump-States of Holland that remained in The Hague then assumed power and started on 19 September to repeal all Patriot-tinged legislation of the previous years, starting with the reinstatement of the stadtholder in his offices of Captain-General of the States Army and Admiral-General of the Navy. William V returned to The Hague on 20 September at the head of his States-Army troops, and the Hague garrison, that up to that moment had nominally opposed him, fell immediately in line. The Hague Orangist mob started looting Patriot homes, and the soldiers heartily joined in.One of the consequences of the reconstitution of the States of Holland in The Hague was that this body could order the States-Army garrisons of a number of the fortress towns behind the Hollandse Waterlinie to offer no resistance to the advancing Prussians. Naarden, under the command of the Patriot leader Adam Gerard Mappa, surrendered for that reason on 27 September, as did nearby Weesp. This enabled Lottum, who had up to that moment made little progress, to approach Amsterdam closely from the East. The main Prussian force of Gaudi and Knobelsdorff under personal command of the Duke had reached Leimuiden on the 23rd. The next day he had Amstelveen reconnoitered, where there was a strong defensive line of the Patriot forces in Amsterdam. The entire region had been inundated, so that the city could only be approached along a number of narrow dikes and dams that could easily be defended. The defensive line formed a crescent from Halfweg, West of Amsterdam, via Amstelveen to the South, to Muiden, East of Amsterdam. But the commanders of the troops in Amsterdam realized that they could not expect to survive a Prussian assault. They desperately tried to temporize by asking for a ceasefire and negotiations. An Amsterdam delegation consisting of Abbema, Gales, Goll and Luden arrived in Leimuiden on 26 September to offer terms, but the Duke replied to their request with the remark that they could best adhere to the resolution that the rump-States of Holland were about to adopt in which they meekly asked the Princess what she required to satisfy her honor. The deputation returned to the Amsterdam vroedschap with this answer and a new deputation was sent to The Hague on the 29th to do this. The Duke visited the Princess incognito on the 28th to urge her to accept the overtures of the Amsterdam delegation, because he had little desire to attack Amsterdam, whose defenses he considered too formidable.However, he was met at the stadtholder's residence not only by the Princess and her husband, but by a cabal of Orangists, including the British ambassador Sir James Harris; the Grand Pensionary of Zeeland, Laurens Pieter van de Spiegel; the author of the declaratoir (proclamation) of the stadtholder of May 1787, and tutor of the stadtholder's sons, Herman Tollius; the Zeeland Orangist Willem Aarnoud van Citters; and another protégé of Harris, A.J. Royer, the secretary of the States of Holland; who all advised that it would be tactically better to put more pressure on the Amsterdam delegation, so as to elicit not so much the required apology to the Princess, as the total submission of the Patriots, in Amsterdam and elsewhere. It was agreed that the Duke would end the ceasefire with Amsterdam at 8 PM on 30 September, and attack the city's defenses on 1 October.


=== Amstelland ===
Up to this moment the Prussian campaign had been a militärischer Spaziergang (military promenade), but things were not going to be so easy from now on. First of all, the terrain between Leimuiden and the defense line around Amsterdam was very difficult. On the left-hand side there was the Haarlemmermeer, a large lake that shielded Amsterdam on the South-West flank. The terrain to the East of the lake was mainly peat bog, suitable only for animal husbandry and crisscrossed with creeks and ditches. In addition large sections were intentionally flooded closer to Amsterdam, and could only be traversed across dikes and dams that were protected with sconces and other earthworks. The area was bisected by the meandering Amstel river, that was only spanned by a few bridges, so that troops marching from the South were forced to divide in two columns that could not easily support one another.
The defenders of Amsterdam were mainly elements of Free Corps from all over the Netherlands, who had been forced to retreat to the Amsterdam redoubt as a last resort. Besides the remnants of the Utrecht defense force, that had so hastily retreated on 16 September, there were also Frisian Patriots, who had lost the Frisian civil war between the rival Leeuwarden and Franeker "States of Friesland" earlier in the month, with Johan Valckenaer and Court Lambertus van Beyma (at this time still on speaking terms) in the van. Both groups had little military value, especially as they were very demoralized. The Rhinegrave was very unpopular, and quietly resigned his command, when he reached Amsterdam. He was replaced by the French veteran of the American Revolutionary War, Jean Baptiste Ternant, who had been seconded by the French government, together with a few hundred gunners. He had tried in vain to organize the Patriot defenses in Overijssel, but that province went over to the Orangists without a fight. The most credible part of the defenders consisted of the Amsterdam schutterij and the Free Corps. Colonel Isaac van Goudoever was still in charge of the "white" regiment of the schutterij, but just around this time he had been forced to take to bed, because of a leg injury.The Prussian operational plan for the attack on 1 October consisted of a five-pronged  approach. The most audacious part was an amphibious landing by 2,000 troops, transported from Aalsmeer on flat-bottomed boats across the Haarlemmermeer to Sloten. This landing circumvented the earthwork at Halfweg, that otherwise might have been a major obstacle, because it dominated the narrow isthmus between the Haarlemmermeer and the IJ river. The defenders were surprised, and the road to Amsterdam from Haarlem lay open. The Prussian troops then turned South toward Amstelveen where they arrived just in time to support the main frontal attack by a force of 4,000 Prussians earlier in the day. Amstelveen had until it was attacked in the rear by the Prussians from Sloten, valiantly held on under the command of Colonel count Guillaume de Portes, but the defenders had to retreat in the direction of Ouderkerk aan de Amstel, thereby opening the way to Amsterdam from the South.The village of Ouderkerk itself had been the target of two other attack prongs that morning. It was an important strategic object, because the village had the only bridge across the Amstel river outside Amsterdam, which was essential for the communications between the Prussian troops on either side of the river. The village was occupied by Amsterdam schutters under the command of colonel George Hendrik de Wilde after it had been evacuated by States Army troops on the Holland repartitie who had previously been positioned there, on 23 September. The schutters manned several batteries of 3-pdr. and 6-pdr. field guns on the banks of the Amstel and the Holendrecht (a creek that flows into the Amstel just upstream of where the bridge was located). This enabled them to oppose two Prussian columns that approached the village along the West bank of the Amstel from Uithoorn, and along the Holendrecht from Abcoude. The murderous shrapnel fire of the Patriot guns repelled several attacks by both columns, causing relatively heavy Prussian casualties. The village remained in Patriot hands until the troops were withdrawn the next day, because the fall of the Amstelveen outpost had opened the way to the inner defenses of Amsterdam for the Prussians anywayThe final attack-prong was an assault, again launched from Abcoude, along the Gein and  Gaasp rivers to Duivendrecht, on the Eastern approaches to Amsterdam. Here the Prussians were also repelled by a battery of Amsterdam schutters. In the next days the Prussian soldiers ransacked the summer residence of the Amsterdam Patriot burgemeester Hendrik Daniëlsz Hooft. In any case the road to the Muiden Gate in the Amsterdam inner defenses remained closed.


=== Amsterdam ===
Those inner defenses remained a formidable obstacle. They consisted of fortifications, completed in 1663, according to the bastion fort-model perfected in the 17th century. They consisted of 26 bastions that  completely encircled the city behind a deep moat (now the Singel canal). There was plenty of artillery available, though trained gunners were in short supply (despite the addition of 200 French gunners, seconded by the French government). The Prussian army lacked a proper siege train, though it of course had its field artillery, that it now could bring within close enough range to bombard the inner city, if necessary. But the Prussian supply of artillery shot had grown rather sparse: only 200 were remaining for the moment. The Duke therefore was rather pessimistic about the prospect of a lengthy siege. He decided not to press the attack immediately, also because he wanted to avoid desperate measures by the defenders like the so-called "large inundation": a breach of the sea dikes at Sloterdijk and Zeeburg, which would devastate the countryside, but certainly would force the Prussians to withdraw. But he need not have worried. The Amsterdam city government decided to ask for a ceasefire in the evening of 1 October, which the Duke granted on 2 October.The same day a deputation of the city government left for The Hague to start negotiating with the Orangist States of Holland. At first it tried to bluff its way out of giving in to demands for total adherence to the resolutions of 19 September. It insisted on keeping the current city government in power and maintaining the right of the people to elect its representatives. But on 3 October it became clear that all hope of French intervention was lost.  The city government  therefore acceded to all Orangist political demands, but attempted to get favorable terms for the surrender from the Duke. Indeed he agreed not to occupy the city, but to limit himself to a symbolic occupation of the Leiden city gate. The French soldiers, and the remnants of the Legion of Salm and the "flying brigade" of Mappa were given safe conduct to the Generality Lands, and left on 7 October. The same day the Patriot members of the vroedschap stayed at home, and the members they had replaced in May occupied their seats again. On 9 October burgemeesters Dedel and Beels assumed their posts again, while Hooft stayed home. The situation before 21 April had been restored. On 10 October the restored city government signed the capitulation of the city, and 150 Prussians occupied the Leiden Gate.The new city government was not safe until the Free Corps and the schutterij had been disarmed. This happened in the following weeks, while 2,000 States Army troops garrisoned the city to help keep order. The Patriot press was suppressed, and the expression of Orangist sentiments again encouraged (by repealing the prohibition against wearing orange colors in public; now the wearing of the black Patriot cockades was prohibited). Meanwhile, in The Hague, the final formalities of the Orange Restoration were taken care of. On 8 October the Princess indicated that her honor would be satisfied if "the authors" of her humiliation in Goejanverwellesluis would forever be barred from holding public office (she supplied a list); the Free Corps in the entire country would be disarmed; and all regenten that had replaced Orangists in the preceding months would be removed again. At the suggestion of British Ambassador Harris she added that the criminal prosecution of the dismissed persons should remain a possibility. Harris wrote in his diary: "‘It is necessary to hold a rod of terror over the heads of these factious leaders, though it may, perhaps, not be to make use of it."If the States of Holland acceded to these wishes, she would ask her brother the Prussian king to remove his troops. Of course, the States did as asked: the people on her list were proscribed on 11 October. The Princess now was ready to do as she had promised, but the Prussian king had incurred great expenses that he wanted to be recompensed for. The Duke and the Princess negotiated him down from his initial demand of several million guilders, but he insisted on a "douceur" for the troops of exactly 402,018 guilders and 10 stuivers, to be paid by Amsterdam alone. But the States of Holland generously rounded this up to half-a-million guilders, to be paid by the entire province, and the king acquiesced. As invasions go, this was a bargain: the victorious revolutionary French forces in 1795 demanded an indemnity of 100 million guilders for their "liberation" of the Netherlands from the stadtholder's dictatorship.


== Aftermath ==
The Prussian invasion resulted in the Orange Restoration, bringing William V back into power, and causing many Patriots to flee to France. In 1795, the Patriots (now styling themselves "Batavians") returned with the support of revolutionary French troops, triggering the Batavian Revolution and ousting the Orangist regime. The old Dutch Republic was replaced by the Batavian Republic.


== See also ==
Battle of Jutphaas
Bijltjesoproer


== Notes ==


== References ==


== Sources ==
Cobban, A. (1954). Ambassadors and secret agents: the diplomacy of the first Earl of Malmesbury at the Hague. Jonathan Cape.
Colenbrander, H.T. (1897). "De Patriottentijd, hoofdzakelijk naar buitenlandsche bescheiden, deel III: 1786-1787". Digitale Bibliotheek voor de Nederlandse Letteren (in Dutch). Retrieved 18 April 2018.
F.W. von Kleist (1787). "Tagebuch von dem Preußischen Feldzug in Holland" (PDF). Familienverband derer v. Kleist e.V. (in German). Retrieved 18 April 2018.
Mandach, C. de, and G. de Portes (1904). "Un gentilhomme suisse au service de la Hollande et de la France: Le comte Guillaume de Portes, 1750-1823, d'après des lettres et documents inédits". Google Books (in French). Perrin. Retrieved 22 April 2018.{{cite web}}:  CS1 maint: multiple names: authors list (link)
Schaikowsky, C.G. von (1789). "Korte toelichting van alle schansen, welke tegen het eind van de maand september 1787 in de buurt van de beroemde stad Amsterdam zijn aangelegd, de daarop op de 1ste oktober 1787 onder aanvoering van de regerende heer hertog van Braunschweig, hoogvorstelijke doorluchtigheid, voorgevallen Pruisische aanvallen, benevens de aldaar voorbereide onderwaterzettingen bij een hiertoe behorende nauwkeurig vervaardigde kaart" (PDF). Stelling van Amsterdam (in Dutch). Bielefeld. Retrieved 20 April 2018.
Cor de Wit (1974): De Nederlandse revolutie van de achttiende eeuw 1780-1787. Oligarchie en proletariaat, Lindebauf
Cor de Wit (1980): Oud en Modern. De Republiek 1780 - 1795 in Blok, D.P. (red) et al Algemene Geschiedenis der Nederlanden, Volume 9, Fibula-Van Dishoeck
Zvezdan Terzić (Serbian Cyrillic: Звездан Терзић; born 21 May 1966) is a Serbian football administrator and former player. He currently serves as the general director for Red Star Belgrade of the Serbian SuperLiga.
Immediately after ending his playing career in 1997, he became involved with OFK Beograd in administrative role as the club's director. In January 2005, he became the president of Serbian Football Association (FSS), an organization that has in July 2006, after Montenegrin secession, become the country's top football governing body. He resigned the post in March 2008 amid controversy.
After being on the run from law since March 2008 following an arrest warrant issued for him in Serbia where he's charged with embezzlement and fraud in regards to transfers of OFK Beograd players, Terzić turned himself in to Serbian authorities on 11 November 2010. During this time, he was widely believed to have been hiding in Montenegro where he has many personal ties and connections.
In 2014, despite facing trial for fraud and embezzlement, Terzić was appointed general manager of the Red Star Belgrade football club.


== Early life ==
Of Montenegrin origin, Terzić was born in Titov Vrbas, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia.


== Playing career ==
Terzić played for AIK Bačka Topola and OFK Beograd (1989–1996) before transferring to Kastoria during the 1996–97 Greek Alpha Ethniki season where he finished out his playing career.


== Administrative career ==
Simultaneously with playing Terzić also pursued his education, earning a degree in economics from the University of Belgrade in 1995. Later, he got a master's degree from Braća Karić University.


=== OFK Beograd ===
In 1997, after retiring from playing football, Terzić joined his old club OFK Beograd in the role of general director. The club was in rough shape, financially strapped and competing in the second-tier level. However, not long after he joined, the club bounced back up to the top league and started producing young talent that was sold directly to foreign teams, thus bypassing the usual route of first joining one of the two big Serbian clubs (Red Star or FK Partizan) before going abroad. Many youth players, some of whom—such as Bane Ivanović, Aleksandar Kolarov, Duško Tošić, and Slobodan Rajković—would go on to illustrious footballing careers, came up through the club during Terzić's tenure at OFK.
By the mid-2000s, Terzić was an important factor in Serbian football. With his club a stable member of the top league and a slew of young OFK players that got their exposure through under-21 national team before being sold abroad, Terzić set his sights on the Serbian FA (FSS), which at the time had regional character only, under the umbrella of national Serbia-Montenegro FA (FSSCG).


=== Serbian FA ===
Ahead of the FSS presidential race, Terzić got endorsed for the job by both Red Star and Partizan representatives. At the elections held on 22 January 2005 Terzić got unanimous delegate support after his only opponent Nebojša Leković dropped out of the race. Not even 39 years of age at the time, Terzić fostered an image of a young, dynamic, modern, and reform-oriented football administrator.
On 21 May 2006 the state union of Serbia and Montenegro dissolved, thus suddenly turning FSS into the nationwide football association. Following the 2006 FIFA World Cup, Terzić assumed his job with newly expanded jurisdictions. As one of his first orders of business, he decided to show the door to national team head coach Ilija Petković and hire Spaniard Javier Clemente who thus became the first foreigner behind the national team's bench. Terzic also, the media pressure led by the journalist Mihajlo Todić, decided to change the colors of the national team from the traditional blue to red and insisted that the new national team jersey contain the state coat-of-arms instead of the FA logo.


=== Return to OFK Beograd ===
In late September 2012, after two and a half years on the run, nine months in prison detention, and a full year out on bail, Terzić, who is awaiting trial, got voted to the position of OFK Beograd president.


=== Red Star Belgrade ===
On 2 October 2014, Terzić who is acting general secretary was banned for six months for attacking
referee Dejan Santrac.On 21 December 2014, Terzić was appointed general manager.On 26 June 2020, Terzić tested positive for COVID-19.In May 2022 was unanimously elected for President of SD Crvena zvezda


== Controversy ==


=== Match-fixing and other types of football corruption ===
Terzić's position as the Serbian Football Association president (FSS), as well as his prior administrative posts in Serbian football, came under severe public scrutiny in early 2008 after B92 television's Insajder programme aired a six-part investigative series on corruption in Serbian football. Among the variety of individuals and events the series looked into, Terzić was accused of fixing football matches during his early 2000s stint as OFK Beograd's club president, often with his close friend—Montenegrin gangster and FK Sutjeska Nikšić president Brano Mićunović. Terzić was further accused of strong-arming young and talented Serbian football prospects from various domestic clubs into joining OFK Beograd by allegedly—via his influence within the FSS—blocking their access to the Serbia national under-21 football team unless they signed with OFK Beograd. Once he had the players under contract at OFK, Terzić would allegedly make sure they get enough exposure through the u-21 national team in order to sell them to richer European clubs in exchange for significant transfer fee amounts.
In late January 2008, at the height of the controversy and public scandal that erupted in Serbia as a result of the Insajder series, Terzić—who happened to be in Zagreb for the annual UEFA Congress—never returned to the country. Instead, in phone interviews with Serbian press, he claimed to be in the United States "attending a professional development course at Northcentral University in Prescott Valley, Arizona" while promising to be back in Serbia by February 27. As the date neared, rather than showing up in Serbia as originally announced, Terzić now claimed in another phone interview that he would extend his stay abroad by ten days due to having to "stop off in London to take care of a shoulder injury he had picked up skiing in early February 2008 during a vacation in France". After not returning by the new date either, he gave yet another phone interview in early March 2008 to the Večernje novosti daily newspaper reiterating his intention of returning to Serbia.Once again, he never showed up and his whereabouts from this point until November 2010 are unknown. He is widely believed to have spent that entire time in Montenegro where he has many personal ties and connections. Throughout the period between spring 2008 and fall 2010, multiple instances of Terzić being spotted out and about in towns along the Montenegrin coast, mostly Budva and Bečići, were reported.Years later, in a 2019 interview, by-then-reinstated-in-Serbian-football Red Star Belgrade general manager Terzić talked about selective details from the 2008-2010 period, claiming to have gotten a phone call from a confidante in Serbia on 31 January 2008 while he was in Zagreb for the UEFA Congress, apparently telling him "don't return, they're preparing your arrest". Terzić did not reveal the identity of the person who allegedly gave him the forewarning.


==== Terzić on the run: Arrest warrant and criminal investigation ====
On 4 March 2008, Serbian police issued an arrest warrant for Terzić on embezzlement charges of illegally receiving DM1.1 million (about US$840,000) from the 1998 transfer of Vanja Grubač from OFK Beograd to Hamburger SV during the time when Terzić was OFK's football director.Citing "specific circumstances I find myself in", Terzić resigned his post as the Serbian FA president from an unknown location on 12 March 2008 via a short letter.On 14 April 2008, the District Prosecutor's Office in Belgrade opened an investigation into the case against Terzić in relation to the Grubač transfer. On 10 July 2008, the Serbian arrest warrant became Interpol-wide.
On 18 December 2008, the Serbian police investigation against Terzić was expanded to look into charges brought in by the Serbian state prosecutor's office that Terzić (along with Vladimir Bulatović and Dražen Podunavac) also illegally profited on transfer of Branislav Ivanović from OFK to Lokomotiv Moskva and Stevan Stošić from OFK to Málaga CF in 2006.On 20 December 2008, fugitive Terzić's letter got published in the Sportski žurnal daily sports paper. Addressing the Serbian public in an attempt of defending his business practices, the fugitive admitted to unspecified financial transgressions while defending himself by asserting he did things "every other club was doing at the time" but claiming he "never pocketed any of the club's [OFK] money for personal gain".Fugitive Terzić's continued influence within Serbian football became evident five days later, on 25 December 2008, when his former club OFK Beograd held an impromptu club assembly meeting (reportedly at his own urging via a letter from an unspecified location) and put out a press release reiterating Terzić's claims that his business dealings were "in the club's interest and not for his personal gain". The club's press release further added that Terzić "enriched OFK materially" and that "if it weren't for him, OFK would not be what it is today [a top-tier league club]".


==== February 2009 arrest and release in Montenegro ====
On Saturday, 21 February 2009 at 2:30pm, at the Jaz Beach sports complex in Budva during a friendly football match between the local club FK Mogren and visiting OFK Beograd, Montenegrin police arrested a spectator believed to be the fugitive with an Interpol arrest warrant Zvezdan Terzić. According to press reports in Blic and Vijesti, the arrest was carried out by five plain-clothes policemen while Politika reported that, in addition to Terzić, two more individuals were arrested, speculated to be his bodyguards. Shortly after the arrest, however, Montenegrin police issued a press release claiming that the apprehension was a case of mistaken identity and that the man taken in was not Zvezdan Terzić. The police did not release the full identity of the individual who was supposedly "wrongfully arrested", only his initials V.J. and his town of residence—Nikšić. On the other hand, multiple witnesses to the arrest at the football match, including members of FK Mogren's managing board, confirmed to various press outlets that the arrested man was in fact Terzić and that the Montenegrin police simply released him shortly after taking him into a police station in Budva. Other press outlets, as well as the Movement for Changes (PZP) opposition political party led by Nebojša Medojević, claimed that fugitive Terzić is living in Montenegro under an assumed identity of "Veselin Janjušević".The entire fiasco led many to conclude that fugitive Terzić enjoys protection from the highest echelons of the Montenegrin regime.


==== Batić joins the defense team ====
On 5 April 2009, Terzić's lawyer Vladan Batić (also an active politician in Serbia and former Serbian Minister of Justice in the government of Zoran Đinđić) held a press conference during which he called on the Serbian persecutor's office to stop proceedings against his client due to "there not being any evidence that he made any illegal financial gains". Batić further referred to the case against his client as "political", referencing the 6 December 2007 piece in Politika daily as having been "planted by the paper's political mentors at the time". The lawyer/politician also made several veiled references to the former Serbian Prime Minister Vojislav Koštunica and former Minister of the Interior Dragan Jočić being behind the "media witch hunt against Terzić".In anticipation of the indictment against his client being unveiled, during June 2009, Batić offered to put up Terzić's house in Bačka Topola as a collateral his client would not run from law in return for being able to face the charges as a free man. The authorities did not respond to the offer.


==== Indictment unveiled and Terzić turns himself in ====
After more than two years of building its case, on 7 July 2010, the Higher Public Prosecutor's Office in Belgrade submitted an indictment against Terzić and three other individuals (OFK Beograd officials Milovan Nikodinović and Vladimir Bulatović as well as player-agent Dražen Podunavac) over the misappropriation of funds during transfers of Vanja Grubač, Stefan Stošić, Branislav Ivanović, and Srđan Stanić.On 11 November 2010, at 8:35 a.m., after almost three years on the run, Terzić turned himself in to the Serbian authorities by walking into the Serbian police's Department of Criminal Police (UKP) building on Despota Stefana Street in Belgrade flanked by his lawyer Ante Bošković. Following a two-hour interrogation, by 11:00 a.m., he got placed in detention at Belgrade's Central Prison.In June 2011, Terzić was released from detention after posting a €1 million bail.


==== Trial (2011-present) ====
The first court date in the trial of Terzić, Nikodinović, Bulatović, and Podunavac was held in 2011.Over the following years, court dates were held sporadically and often postponed for reasons ranging from the accused not feeling well to the unavailability of the individuals summoned to provide expert testimony. In 2015, the trial was re-started from the beginning for the second time due to the change in the judges' council assigned to the case.In April 2021, following four years without a court date, the court case against Terzić and the rest was scheduled to resume before judge Zoran Đorđević. However, Terzić and his lawyer were late for the scheduled court date in mid April due to "showing up at the wrong court building" which led to the judge postponing the court date for June 2021.In June 2021, the trial re-started from the beginning one more time with a new judge, Ana Trifunović-Đuričković, assigned to the case with the new start scheduled for September 2021. The first court date before the new judge was eventually scheduled for November 2021, however, Terzić failed to show again with his lawyer Sonja Manojlović claiming he had fallen ill with a fever.


== References ==
Naitō Jōsō (内藤 丈草, 1662 – March 29, 1704) was one of the principal disciples of Bashō, and himself also a respected haiku writer in the Genroku period of Japan. Originally, he was a samurai from Owari, but he had to leave military service due to ill health.  Taking up the literary life, he became a devout disciple of Bashō, and when the Master died in 1694, Naito mourned him for a full three years, and remained his devout follower for the rest of his life.


== Examples of Naitō's Haiku ==
Mountains and plains/ all are taken by the snow --/ nothing remains
No need to cling/ to things --/ floating frog.These branches/ were the first to bud --/ falling blossoms.
A lightning bolt/ splits in two and strikes/ the mountaintop.The sleet falls/ As if coming through the bottom/ Of loneliness.


== References ==
Itziar Okariz (also spelled Itziar Ocáriz, born 1965) is a Basque/Spanish artist based in New York City and San Sebastián.


== Biography ==
Itziar Okariz was born in San Sebastián and studied painting and sculpture at the Universidad del País Vasco.


== Work ==
Her work is usually based on photographs or film installations and performance, in forms inspired by the Situationists. She is often identified as a feminist artist, although she does not like the label because it contextualizes her work too narrowly. According to Javier Hontoria of Artforum, she "has always focused on a performativity that also examines the ties between landscape and architecture, sign and ritual, or sexuality and territory. In her quest to render the self, her practice took a turn to the verbal over the spatial, privileging language over the body... Much of Okariz's practice is built upon small linguistic units and signs that produce meaning through emphatic reiteration."She has exhibited works in many countries in Europe and in the United States.

To Pee In Public And Private SpacesIn her own note she describes the artwork, "to execute the action as described in the title (location included) or, one could say, contained in the title." She usually try to do it while there is little movement in the streets because of the illegal aspect of the action and, "find it interesting to delineate what is legally allowed and what is not, as a definition of the individual in society." She has chosen a number of different locations, "always with the aim of expanding the spectrum of meanings."
Selection of workFaces (video installation, 1999)
Publication Itziar Okariz (Vitoria-Gasteiz : Servicio Central de Publicaciones del Gobierno Vasco, 2001)
Mear en espacios públicos o privados / Peeing in Public or Private Spaces
Trepar edificios
"Irrintzi" (Exhibition Chacun à son goût, Guggenheim Museum Bilbao, 2007)


== Awards ==
1995: 1st prize in Gure Artea of the Basque Country
1993: 3rd prize in the Certamen de Artistas Noveles in San Sebastian


== References ==


== External links ==
The wedding of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson was held on 23 July 1986, at Westminster Abbey in London, England.


== Courtship and engagement ==
Prince Andrew, the third child and second son of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, and Sarah Ferguson, the daughter of Major Ronald Ferguson and his first wife Susan Wright, first met when they were children, but had not been romantically involved until they met again at a party at Floors Castle in 1985. They began their relationship that very same year, after a party held at Windsor Castle in honour of the Royal Ascot races. Diana, Princess of Wales, Andrew's sister-in-law, played a hand in matchmaking the couple, and the two women later formed a strong friendship.Andrew proposed to Sarah on 19 February 1986, his twenty-sixth birthday. Their engagement was announced on 17 March 1986. Andrew presented Sarah with a Garrard engagement ring made from sketches he had made. The ring has a Burma ruby surrounded by ten drop-diamonds. The mounting was eighteen-carat white and yellow gold. Andrew's bachelor party was held at Aubrey House in Holland Park. It was attended by Prince Charles, Billy Connolly, David Frost and Elton John.


== Wedding ceremony ==
Four months after announcing their engagement, Andrew and Sarah married on 23 July 1986, at Westminster Abbey in London. The Lord Chamberlain's office was responsible for organising the ceremony and guest list, while the royal household was left in charge of the reception. Sarah made her way with her father Ronald from Clarence House in the Glass Coach, arriving at the church at 11:30. The Archbishop of Canterbury Robert Runcie conducted at the 45-minute wedding ceremony. As the couple exchanged vows, Sarah mistakenly repeated Andrew's middle name, Christian; five years earlier, Diana, Princess of Wales, made a similar mistake by reversing the order of Prince Charles's names. Unlike the wedding of Prince Charles and Lady Diana, Sarah chose to say the word "obey" in her vow "to love, cherish and to obey." In keeping with tradition, the wedding ring was crafted from Welsh gold. The tradition of using Welsh gold within the wedding rings of the royal family dates back to 1923.Both Andrew's brothers participated in the wedding ceremony; Prince Edward was his best man, and Prince Charles read a lesson during the service. The bridesmaids and page boys included Princess Anne's children Peter and Zara Phillips, and Prince Charles's eldest son Prince William. Members of foreign royal families, as well as the U.S. First Lady Nancy Reagan were among the guests. The ceremony featured many ceremonial aspects, including use of the state carriages and roles for the Household Cavalry.The Duke and Duchess of York left Westminster Abbey for Buckingham Palace in an open-top 1902 State Landau. Around 100,000 people gathered to witness the Andrew and Sarah's first kiss as man and wife on the balcony of the palace. After a traditional wedding breakfast for 120 guests at Buckingham Palace, the married couple and some 300 guests moved to a party at Claridge's hotel.The 5½-foot-tall "marzipan and rum-soaked" wedding cake was supplied by the navy supply school HMS Raleigh. They made two identical cakes in case one was damaged. 100 cakes were offered at a competition held by the palace, and subsequently they were all donated to hospices. 30,000 flowers were used to decorate the abbey, all of which were eventually also donated to hospices. Albert Mackenzie Watson was chosen by Prince Andrew to take the wedding portraits.


=== Clothing ===
Prince Andrew was dressed in a ceremonial attire of a naval lieutenant, while Sarah wore an ivory-silk wedding dress designed by Lindka Cierach, which had a 17-foot train, and 20-foot-long veil. Sarah, in her own words, "lost 26 pounds to fit into" the dress. Her S-shaped bouquet featured "gardenias, cream lilies, yellow roses, lilies of the valley and a sprig of myrtle." Sarah wore a coronet of gardenias for the occasion which was placed atop a diamond tiara that was given to her by the Queen as part of a Garrard demi-parure set.


=== Best man, bridesmaids and page boys ===
Best man

The Prince Edward, age 22, younger brother of the groom.Bridesmaids and page boys:

Lady Rosanagh Innes-Ker, age: 7 the daughter of Guy Innes-Ker, 10th Duke of Roxburghe
Alice Ferguson, age: 6 younger half-sister of the bride.
Laura Fellowes, age: 6 the daughter of Diana's sister Jane Fellowes, Baroness Fellowes
Zara Phillips age: 5 niece of the groomAndrew Ferguson, age: 8 half-brother of the bride
Peter Phillips age: 8 nephew of the groom
Seamus Luedecke, age: 5 nephew of the bride
Prince William of Wales age: 4 nephew of the groom


=== Musical selection ===
Organist & Choir Director: Simon Preston

Laudate Dominum (from Vesperae solennes de confessore) by W. A. Mozart, sung by soprano Felicity Lott
Exsultate, Jubilate by W. A. Mozart, sung by Arleen Auger
Alleluja from motet Exsultate, Jubilate, sung by Arleen Auger
Crown Imperial by William Walton


== Titles upon marriage ==
On the day of the wedding, the Queen granted Prince Andrew the titles of Duke of York, Earl of Inverness and Baron Killyleagh—the first two titles were previously held by his maternal great-grandfather King George V, and grandfather King George VI. By marriage, Sarah became Her Royal Highness The Duchess of York, Countess of Inverness and Baroness Killyleagh, also attaining the rank of Princess of the United Kingdom.


== Honeymoon ==
The Duke and Duchess of York made their way to Heathrow Airport in an open carriage, with a paper mache satellite dish and sign attached reading "Phone Home" put there as a practical joke by Prince Edward. The Princess of Wales and Viscount Linley, Princess Margaret's son, placed a king-sized teddy bear inside the coach. The couple boarded a royal jet, emblazoned with "Just Married" on the rear door, for the Azores Islands, and then spent their 5-day honeymoon aboard the royal yacht Britannia in the Atlantic.


== Public reception ==
The BBC reported that 500 million television viewers tuned in to watch the wedding of Prince Andrew, Duke of York, and Sarah Ferguson worldwide. An estimated crowd of 100,000 gathered to see the couple's first public kiss as man and wife on the balcony of Buckingham Palace. The wedding ceremony was positively received by the public. The media frenzy caused by the wedding was called "Fergie Fever" by The New York Times. A number of ceremonies and parties were held at different places by the public to celebrate the occasion across the United Kingdom. The wedding was widely broadcast on television and radio in many countries, and news channels covered the ceremony in different languages.


== Guest list ==
Notable guests in attendance included:


=== Relatives of the groom ===


==== House of Windsor ====
The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh, the groom's parents
The Prince and Princess of Wales, the groom's brother and sister-in-law
Prince William of Wales, the groom's nephew (pageboy)
Prince Henry of Wales, the groom's nephew
The Princess Anne, Mrs Mark Phillips and Captain Mark Phillips, the groom's sister and brother-in-law
Peter Phillips, the groom's nephew (pageboy)
Zara Phillips, the groom's niece (bridesmaid)
The Prince Edward, the groom's brother (best man)
Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother, the groom's maternal grandmother
The Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon, the groom's maternal aunt
Viscount Linley,  the groom's first cousin
Lady Sarah Armstrong-Jones, the groom's first cousin
Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester, the groom's maternal great-aunt by marriage (also the bride’s first cousin twice removed)
The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, the groom's first cousin, once removed, (also the bride’s second cousin once removed) and his wife
Earl of Ulster, the groom's second cousin (also the bride’s third cousin)
Lady Davina Windsor, the groom's second cousin (also the bride’s third cousin)
Lady Rose Windsor, the groom's second cousin (also the bride’s third cousin)
The Duke and Duchess of Kent, the groom's first cousin, once removed, and his wife
Earl of St Andrews, the groom's second cousin
Lady Helen Windsor, the groom's second cousin
Princess Alexandra, The Hon. Mrs Ogilvy and The Hon. Angus Ogilvy, the groom's first cousin, once removed, and her husband
James Ogilvy, the groom's second cousin
Marina Ogilvy, the groom's second cousin
Prince and Princess Michael of Kent, the groom's first cousin, once removed, and his wife
Lord Frederick Windsor, the groom's second cousin
Lady Gabriella Windsor, the groom's second cousin


==== Other descendants of Queen Victoria ====
Lady Mary Whitley, the groom's second cousin, once removed
The Lady Saltoun, wife of the groom's second cousin, twice removed


==== Mountbatten family ====
The Dowager Marchioness of Milford Haven, widow of the groom's first cousin, once removed
The Marquess of Milford Haven, the groom's second cousin
Lord Ivar Mountbatten, the groom's second cousin
The Countess Mountbatten of Burma and The Lord Brabourne, the groom's first cousin, once removed, and her husband
Lord and Lady Romsey, the groom's second cousin and his wife
The Hon. Michael-John Knatchbull, the groom's second cousin, and his wife
Baroness and Baron Hubert du Breuil, the groom's second cousin and her husband
Lady Amanda Knatchbull, the groom's second cousin
The Hon. Philip Knatchbull, the groom's second cousin
The Hon. Timothy Knatchbull, the groom's second cousin
Lady Pamela and David Hicks, the groom's first cousin, once removed and her husband
Ashley Hicks, the groom's second cousin
India Hicks, the groom's second cousin


==== Bowes-Lyon family ====
The Earl and Countess of Strathmore and Kinghorne, the groom's first cousin, once removed and his wife
Lady Rose Anson, the groom's second cousin, twice removed (bridesmaid)


=== Relatives of the bride ===


==== Ferguson family ====
Ronald and Susan Ferguson, the bride's father and stepmother
Andrew Ferguson, the bride's paternal half-brother
Alice Ferguson, the bride's paternal half-sister
Susan and Héctor Barrantes, the bride's mother and stepfather
Mrs and Mr William Alez Makim, the bride's sister and her husband
Seamus Makim, the bride's nephew
Lady Elmhirst, the bride's paternal grandmother


==== Wright family ====
The Hon. Mrs FitzHerbert Wright, the bride's maternal grandmother
Mrs and Mr Julian Salmond, the bride's maternal aunt and uncle
The Lady and Lord Loch, the bride's maternal aunt and uncle
Major Bryan Wright, the bride's maternal uncle


=== Foreign royalty ===


==== Members of reigning royal families ====
 The Crown Princess of Norway, wife of the groom's second cousin, once removed (representing the King of Norway)
 Princess Margaretha, Mrs Ambler and Mr John Ambler, the groom's third cousin once removed, and her husband (representing the King of Sweden)
 Prince Georg of Denmark, the groom's second cousin, once removed (representing the Queen of Denmark)
 The Prince of Asturias, the groom's second cousin, once removed (representing the King of Spain)
 Infanta Elena of Spain, the groom's second cousin, once removed
 Infanta Cristina of Spain, the groom's second cousin, once removed
 Prince Philippe of Belgium, the groom's third cousin, once removed (representing the King of the Belgians)
  The Hereditary Grand Duke of Luxembourg, the groom's third cousin, once removed (representing the Grand Duke of Luxembourg)
 The Prince Hiro (representing the Emperor of Japan)
 The Hereditary Prince of Monaco, the groom's fifth cousin once removed (representing the Prince of Monaco)


==== Members of non-reigning royal families ====
King Constantine II and Queen Anne-Marie of the Hellenes, the groom's second cousin and his wife, the groom's third cousin once removed
Crown Prince Pavlos of Greece, the groom's second cousin, once removed
Prince Nikolaos of Greece and Denmark, the groom's second cousin, once removed
Princess Alexia of Greece and Denmark, the groom's second cousin, once removed
Crown Prince Alexander and Crown Princess Katherine of Yugoslavia, the groom's second cousin, once removed, and his wife
The Margrave and Margravine of Baden, the groom's first cousin and his wife
Princess Marie Louise of Baden, the groom's first cousin, once removed
Princess Margarita of Baden, the groom's first cousin
Prince Nikola of Yugoslavia, the groom's first cousin, once removed
Princess Katarina of Yugoslavia, the groom's first cousin once removed
Prince and Princess George William of Hanover, the groom's paternal uncle and aunt
Prince and Princess Georg of Hanover, the groom's first cousin and his wife
Prince and Princess Karl of Hesse, the groom's first cousin and his wife
Prince Christoph of Hesse, the groom's first cousin, once removed
Princess Irina of Hesse, the groom's first cousin, once removed
The Princess of Hesse and by Rhine, widow of the groom's first cousin, twice removed
The Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg, the groom's first cousin
Princess Cécile of Hohenlohe-Langenburg, the groom's first cousin, once removed
Prince and Princess Andreas of Hohenlohe-Langenburg, the groom's first cousin and his wife
Princess Beatrix of Hohenlohe-Langenburg, the groom's first cousin


=== Religious figures ===
The Most Rev. Robert Runcie, Archbishop of Canterbury, and Rosalind Runcie
The Very Rev. Michael Mayne, Dean of Westminster
The Right Rev. Edward Knapp-Fisher, Archdeacon of Westminster


=== Politicians and diplomats ===
 Nancy Reagan, First Lady of the United States
 Margaret Thatcher, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom


=== Other notable guests ===
Arleen Auger
Michael Caine
Elton John and Renate Blauel
Estée Lauder
Felicity Lott
Simon Preston
Patrick McNally
The Duke and Duchess of Roxburghe
Lady Rosanagh Innes-Ker
Lady Jane and Robert Fellowes
Laura Fellowes
The Duke and Duchess of Grafton
The Dowager Duchess of Abercorn
Sir William Heseltine


== Aftermath ==
It was reported that Andrew's obligations as a naval helicopter pilot meant that they only saw each other 40 days a year. Sarah received criticism  from the media about her weight, contributing to her stress and the couple's estrangement. Andrew and Sarah announced their separation on 19 March 1992, and divorced on 30 May 1996.After the couple's divorce, Sarah lost the style Her Royal Highness, becoming "Sarah, Duchess of York", and she was no longer a British princess.


== References ==


== External links ==

Wedding of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson at the BBC.co.uk
Order of Service for the wedding
Ravi Sarma is an Indian actor who works in the Assamese cinema. He has starred in films like Hiya Diya Niya, Tumi Aahibaane, Iman Morom Kiyo Lage, Aami Asomiya, Sri Raghupati etc.


== Career ==
Ravi Sarma's debut Assamese film was Hiya Diya Niya (2000) directed by Munin Barua. He then went on acting in Tumi Aahibaane (2017) directed by Prerana Barbarooah, Poley Poley Urey Mon (2011) directed by Timothy Das, Sri Raghupati (2023) directed by Suvrat Kakati, etc. He has also acted in many mobile theatres of Assam. At present, he is associated with Hengool Theatre.


== Filmography ==


=== Film ===


=== Short film/web series ===


== Political life ==
Ravi Sarma has joined Bharatiya Janata Party on 2 August 2019. He resigned from Bharatiya Janata Party to protest against the Centre’s move immediately after the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2019, was tabled in the Lok Sabha on 9 December 2019.


== References ==


== External links ==
Ravi Sarma at IMDb
Ravi Sarma on Instagram
Arthur Charles Ducat, Sr. (February 24, 1830 – January 29, 1896) was an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War. After the Civil War, Ducat was an insurance industry executive and fire prevention specialist.


== Biography ==
Ducat was an immigrant from County Dublin, Ireland, where he was born in Kingstown on February 24, 1830. He moved to Illinois in 1851 where he was a civil engineer and an insurance agent.
Ducat began his war service on May 2, 1861, as 2nd lieutenant of the 12th Illinois Infantry Regiment. He became 1st lieutenant on May 11, 1861, captain on August 1, 1861, major on September 24, 1861, and lieutenant colonel on April 1, 1862. He was wounded at the Battle of Fort Donelson in February 1862. After his service with 12th Illinois Infantry ended on October 30, 1862, Ducat served as the Inspector General of two major Federal armies in the Western Theater of the American Civil War, mainly in the Army of the Cumberland. He was discharged on February 19, 1864.
On February 21, 1866, President Andrew Johnson nominated Ducat for appointment to the brevet grade of brigadier general of volunteers to rank from March 13, 1865, and the U.S. Senate confirmed the appointment on April 10, 1866.Following the war, he was a leading executive in the insurance industry in Illinois and a world-renowned specialist and author in fire prevention and protection who wrote one of the standard reference works on the topic: The Practice of Fire Underwriting. In 1873 Ducat wrote the military code upon for the Illinois National Guard and became its commander with the grade of major general.
Ducat died January 29, 1896, at Downers Grove, Illinois, and was buried in Rosehill Cemetery, Chicago, Illinois.


== See also ==


== Notes ==


== References ==
Eicher, John H., and David J. Eicher, Civil War High Commands. Stanford: Stanford University Press, 2001. ISBN 0-8047-3641-3.


== External links ==
Works by or about Arthur Ducat at Internet Archive
Arlington National Cemetery webpage for Ducat
A Memoir of Arthur Charles Ducat 1830 - 1896
Picture History
The Canadian Centre For Ecumenism (CCE) is a non-profit organization whose main focus is interfaith dialogues and is established in Montreal, Québec, Canada. The centre is supported by the Canadian Conference of Catholic Bishops. It promotes conversations, interfaith dialogues and ecumenical dialogues.


== History of the organization ==
The Canadian Centre for Ecumenism was founded in 1963 by Reverend Irénée Beaubien and promotes interfaith dialogues between different religions and Christianity. In 1976, a board of directors was established and they obtained a federal charter.


== Mission statement ==
The Canadian Centre For Ecumenism's mission is to raise awareness and harmony through education and activities that promote Christianity and all other religions and collaborate to become interfaith.


== Religious affiliations ==
A religious affiliation is an association between a person and a religious group.
The Canadian Centre For Ecumenism has many religious affiliations which include:

The Green Churches Network
Prairie Center of Ecumenism
Multi-Faith Saskatoon
World Council of Churches
Réseau oecuménique justice et paix


== Faith dialogues ==
An interfaith dialogue is a written or spoken conversation between people and their difference in religions. The centre's main model is the Christian-Jewish Dialogue which was made in the 1960s. This dialogue has helped to form other interfaith dialogues around Canada.
The Faith Dialogues include:

Christian-Jewish Dialogue of Montreal (CJDM)
North American Orthodox-Catholic Theological Consultation
Canadian Christian Jewish Consultation
Roman Catholic-United Church
Anglican-Roman Catholic Bishops
National Christian Muslim Liaison Committee
Anglican-Roman Catholic
Orthodox Catholic Bishops
Religious Leaders of the G8 Nations


== Current activities ==
The Canadian Centre for Ecumenism takes part in The Faith Challenge G8 which is currently ongoing and is helping the Millennium Development Goals (MDG) reach its goals for the year of 2015.
The Faith Challenge G8 makes commitments to help with poverty, HIV/AIDS, child mortality, hunger and help to maintain the environment.
The Millennium Development Goals are eight international development goals made by the United Nations and said to be achieved by the year 2015.


== Past events ==
On September 7, 2011 the Canadian Centre for Ecumenism launched the Youth Chess Tournaments for Peace along with MonRoi Inc. at the Palais de Congrès in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. The game was sponsored by the Chess'n Math Association as well as the World Chess Federation. The young interfaith chess players are taught peace through playing chess.
The chess event coincided with their 2nd Global Conference of World Religions After 9/11 with a special presence by the Dalai Lama. The 2nd Global Conference of World Religions After 9/11's objective was to help for a cultural understanding of peace as well as bring all different religions together to discuss the different problems our world is facing.
In 2009, Tony Blair and Belinda met with eight inspiring young Canadians from a leadership program. This program was made to bring together different people from different religious backgrounds and bring them together to achieve the Millennium Development Goals (MDG) by 2015. Two of the eight Canadians were Maya Smith and Nicholas Pang sponsored by the Canadian Centre for Ecumenism. The goal with working as an interfaith pair is to raise awareness to thousands of people through activities and online activities about malaria and help communities to save lives affected by it.


== Publication ==
The Canadian Centre for Ecumenism has a periodical journal called Ecumenism. The journal's main focus is important religious issues. Four issues are printed annually and there are currently many people subscribed to it in over 40 countries around the globe from Canada, the United States, Europe and Asia.


== Library ==
There is a public library at their location in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. The public can find books, magazines, articles and audio-visual collections of topics relating to ecumenical movements, churches, human rights, Sacred Scriptures and many more. Anyone can use their online search from the library collection found on their personal website.


== References ==

The Lund Formula
https://web.archive.org/web/20111017205939/http://members4.boardhost.com/chess-math/msg/1313162958.html
ecumenism.net


== External links ==
Official website
Riyahi (Arabic: رِيَاحِي [ALA-LC: Riyāḥī]; Persian: ریاحی Riyâhi), also variously rendered in English as Reyahi, Riahi, Riahy or Ryahi, or with the Arabic definite article ar-Riyahi (Arabic: الرِّيَاحِي [ALA-LC: al-Riyāḥī]), also rendered as Ereyahi, may refer to:

al-Hurr ibn Yazid ar-Riyahi
Reda Ereyahi
Ali Riahi
Djahanguir Riahi
Mohammad-Amin Riahi
Shahla Riahi
Taghi Riahi
Teucrium grandiusculum is a species of flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae and is endemic to central Australia. It is a perennial herb or shrub with toothed, egg-shaped leaves and white flowers.


== Description ==
Teucrium grandiusculum is a perennial herb or shrub that typically grows to a height of 80 cm (31 in) with stems that are square in cross-section and covered with glandular hairs. The leaves are arranged in opposite pairs, egg-shaped with the narrower end towards the base, 8–30 mm (0.31–1.18 in) long, 6–20 mm (0.24–0.79 in) wide and sessile with between five and seventeen teeth or serrations on each edge. The flowers are borne in groups of up to three with leaf-like bracts at the base. The sepals are 6–8 mm (0.24–0.31 in) long and joined along their lower half, the petals are white and there are four stamens.


== Taxonomy ==
Teucrium grandiusculum was formally described in 1890 by Ferdinand von Mueller and Ralph Tate in Transactions, Proceedings and Report, Royal Society of South Australia. The specific epithet (grandiusculum) means "very nearly grown up".In 1985, Hellmut R. Toelken described two subspecies of T. grandiusculum and the names are accepted by the Australian Plant Census:
Teucrium grandiusculum F.Muell. & Tate subsp. grandiusculum has branches with a few hairs up to 0.3 mm (0.012 in) long;
Teucrium grandiusculum subsp. pilosum Toelken has branches densely covered with hairs up to 1.5 mm (0.059 in) long.


== Distribution and habitat ==
This germander grows on rocky slopes and along watercourses in scattered locations on the Tomkinson Ranges near the border between Western Australia, South Australia the Northern Territory. Subspecies pilosum is only known from two locations near Ooldea.


== Conservation status ==
Teucrium grandiusculum is classified as "not threatened" by the Western Australian Government Department of Parks and Wildlife but as "near threatened" under the Northern Territory Government Territory Parks and Wildlife Conservation Act 1976.


== References ==
Herewald (died 1104) was a Welsh bishop of Llandaff, who had spent much of his time in England.


== Life ==
According to the Book of Llandaff, Herewald was elected in 1056 bishop of Llandaff by Gruffydd ab Llewelyn, Meurig ab Hywel and others, and was consecrated by Joseph, the bishop of St David's. The consent of the English authorities was obtained in 1059, when at the Whitsuntide gemot, held at Westminster, Archbishop Kinsi of York (in the absence of Stigandl) confirmed Herewald's appointment in the presence of Edward the Confessor. Ralph de Diceto states, however, that Herewald was consecrated by Lanfranc at Canterbury in 1071. The Canterbury Rolls speak of William the Conqueror investing Herewald, and of Lanfranc consecrating him. The Oxford Dictionary of National Biography suggests, in the context of a dispute of the 12th century between the diocese of Llandaff and the diocese of St David's, that none of these details of his consecration can be treated as certain.During Herewald's episcopate, Glamorgan was conquered by Robert Fitzhamon and the Normans. Towards the end of his life he seems to have been suspended by Archbishop Anselm. He died on 6 March 1104.


== Notes ==

Attribution This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Stephen, Leslie; Lee, Sidney, eds. (1891). "Herewald". Dictionary of National Biography. Vol. 26. London: Smith, Elder & Co.
In hunting tactics, a cocking-cloth was a device used for catching pheasants, similar in construction to a kite.
It consists of a piece of coarse canvas, about an ell square, or 45 inches (114 cm) on side, tanned, and kept stretched by two sticks, placed from corner to corner, diagonal-wise; a hole is left to see through. The hunter, then, armed with a short gun, carries the cloth before him at arm's length; under cover of which, he may approach his game as near as he pleases. When near enough, he puts the barrel of the gun through the hole, and fires.
Richard Blome, in The Gentleman's Recreation (1686), called this technique "cocking-cloth at crowing time." According to him, at "crowing time", the pheasants "will let you come near them, and the cocks will be so bold as to fly at [the cocking-cloth]."


== References ==
 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Chambers, Ephraim, ed. (1728). Cyclopædia, or an Universal Dictionary of Arts and Sciences (1st ed.). James and John Knapton, et al. {{cite encyclopedia}}: Missing or empty |title= (help)
Blackmore, Howard L. Hunting Weapons. Courier Dover Publications. ISBN 0-486-40961-9. 2000. p 234.
"Cocking". Oxford English Dictionary. Oxford University Press. 2nd ed. 1989.
Officer is a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, 48 km south-east of Melbourne's Central Business District and the second most populous in the Shire of Cardinia after Pakenham. Officer recorded a population of 18,503 at the 2021 census.Officer serves as the Council seat of the shire.
Most of the land around Officer is currently being developed for residential use with medium density housing. Population and demographic mixes are changing, with construction of a 4,000 lot housing estate to be completed in late 2019. Current estates that have been announced and under construction include:
Timbertop, 
Arcadia,
Kaduna Park,
Savannah, Officer Fields and Officer Central.


== History ==
Officer is situated in the Kulin nation traditional Aboriginal country. The Boon Wurrung people are local custodians within the Kulin nation.The suburb is named after the Officer family, who were early settlers in the area. A timber industry was established, and by 1870 timber was being transported from the railways sidings, named Officer's Wood Siding. This was shortened to Officer's and later, Officer.
A brickmaking industry began in the 1880s, but died away after the collapse of the land boom. The population was sufficient to justify a post office, opening on 16 December 1885 (known as Officer's Siding until 1888 and Officer Railway Station until 1913).On 17 November 2014, the Shire of Cardinia moved from its offices in Pakenham to a new building in Officer, making it the Council seat. The council building is within the planned Officer Town Centre, expected to house new retail and recreational facilities.


== Demographics ==
In Officer 70.1% of people were born in Australia. The most common ancestries in Officer were English 25.7%, Australian 24.6%, Irish 6.7%, Scottish 5.9% and Indian 4.0%. The most common countries of birth outside of Australia were England 4.3%, India 4.3%, Sri Lanka 2.9%, New Zealand 1.8% and Philippines 1.0%. 0.6% of people in Pakenham are Aboriginal.  The most common responses for religion in Officer (State Suburbs) were No Religion, so described 32.9%, Catholic 24.5%, Anglican 9.4%, Not stated 6.3% and Christian, nfd 4.5%. In Officer (State Suburbs), Christianity was the largest religious group reported overall 53.2%.


== Education ==
Officer is in the south east growth corridor, with many new schools opening in the past ten years.  There are now twelve schools in the area; Berwick Grammar School, Glenvale School, Heritage College, Maranatha Christian School (Officer campus), Minaret Islamic College (Officer campus), Officer Primary School, Officer Secondary College, Officer Specialist School, St Brigid's Catholic Primary School, St Clare's Catholic Primary School, St. Francis Xavier College (Officer Campus) and Bridgewood Primary School are located in Officer.


== Facilities ==


=== Recreation ===
There are various facilities in officer for recreation. There are two lighted AFL sporting grounds which also support Cricket. There are presently 5 recreational parks for walking and children's playgrounds. Dragon Park was voted Victoria's Favourite Playground in 2021.  Popular also is the Venue "Club Officer" which hosts Family Dining, Sport Bar and pokies facilities.
Currently under construction as of May 2021 is Comely Banks Recreation Reserve. Comely Banks Recreation Reserve is being built next to Bridgewood Primary School, at 125 Bridge Road, Officer. The regional sporting hub will feature 4 rectangular pitches for rugby, a pavilion, 2 cricket wickets with provisions for AFL, cricket practice nets, playground and open spaces. More information can be found on the Cardinia Shire website.


=== Sport ===
Officer is home to the Officer Football Club (Rythdale, Officer, Cardinia), which competes in the Outer East Football Netball League. They last won the premiership in 2002.


=== Retail ===
Currently there the major shopping precinct is Arena Shopping Centre. It has a mix of major retail and some smaller commercial outlets including the Officer Post Office, a Woolworths supermarket, a McDonald's, a KFC and a Subway. As a newly developed area Officer also has access to the Australian NBN service which has much larger capability for increased network performances.


=== Transport ===
Officer has its own Officer railway station which is located on the Gippsland line, in Victoria, Australia. It serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburb of Officer, and opened on 4 August 1881 as Officer's Siding.


== Notable residents ==
AFL player Greg Tivendale (Number 32 for Richmond) grew up in Officer.


== See also ==
Shire of Pakenham – Officer was previously within this former local government area.
Officer railway station
Officer Development Plan (PDF)


== References ==
The Old Clam House is the oldest continuously operating restaurant in the Bayview neighborhood of San Francisco, California. It was opened in 1861 to sell food to workers on the waterfront. In 2023, this restaurant is one of the oldest in the United States.In 2021, the restaurant was put up for sale by the owners who had decided to retire. It closed in March 2020, and reopened in April 2022 with new owners. Former owners Jerry Dal Bozzo and Dante Serafini retired (they also owned The Stinking Rose), and it was sold to Filomena Florese in 2022.


== See also ==
Jack's Restaurant
Tadich Grill


== References ==
Sorozhinskaya (Russian: Сорожинская) is a rural locality (a village) in Vozhegodskoye Urban Settlement, Vozhegodsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 1 as of 2002.


== Geography ==
Sorozhinskaya is located 14 km southwest of Vozhega (the district's administrative centre) by road. Peshkovo is the nearest rural locality.


== References ==
The Queen of the Channel is a title bestowed on the woman who has completed more successful swims of the English Channel than any other. It is held by Chloë McCardel with a total of 44 swims.


== List of Queen of the Channel ==


== See also ==
List of sports awards honoring women


== References ==
Harkat-ul-Mujahideen- al-Islami (Urdu: حرکت المجاہدین الاسلامی, lit. 'Islamic jihadist organization'; abbreviated HUM) is a Pakistan-based Islamic jihadist terrorist group operating primarily in Kashmir. The group have been considered as having links to Osama bin Laden and Mullah Omar.The group has been designated as a terrorist organization by Bahrain, the United Nations, the United Kingdom and the United States.  In response the organization changed its name to Harkat-ul-Mujahideen. The group splintered from Harkat-ul-Jihad-al-Islami (HuJI), a Pakistani group formed in 1980 to fight the Soviet military in Afghanistan. The Government of India has declared and banned HuM as a jihad organisation.


== Post Soviet–Afghan War ==
Harkat-ul-Mujahideen was originally formed as a splinter group of Harkat-ul-Jihad al-Islami in 1985.  In 1989, at the end of Soviet–Afghan war, the group entered Kashmiri politics by use of militants under the leadership of Sajjad Afghani and Muzaffar Ahmad Baba Alias Mukhtar. In 1993 the group merged with Harkat-ul-Jehad-al-Islami to form Harkat-ul-Ansar.Immediately following the merger India arrested three senior members: Nasrullah Mansur Langaryal, chief of the former Harkat-ul Mujahideen in November 1993; Maulana Masood Azhar, General Secretary in February 1994, and Sajjad Afghani (Sajjad Sajid) in the same month in Srinagar. Muzaffar Ahmad Baba was killed in an encounter at Pandan Nowhatta with the BSF in January 1994.As a response the group carried out several kidnappings in an attempt to free their leaders, all of which failed. It was linked to the Kashmiri group al-Faran that kidnapped five Western tourists in Kashmir in July 1995; one, Hans Christian Ostrø, was killed in August 1995 and the other four reportedly were killed in December of the same year.
In 1997, the United States designated Harkat-ul-Ansar as a terrorist organization, and in response it renamed itself to Harkat-ul-Mujahideen.In 1999, Sajjad was killed during a jailbreak which led to the hijacking, by the group, of Indian Airlines Flight 814 in December, which led to the release of Maulana Masood Azhar, Ahmed Omar Saeed Sheikh and Mushtaq Ahmed Zargar by the Indian Government. Azhar did not, however, return to the HUM, choosing instead to form the Jaish-e-Mohammed (JEM), a rival militant group expressing a more radical line than the HUM, in early 2000.


== Post 9/11 attacks ==
The group again came to the attention of the US after the 9/11 attacks, leading President George W. Bush to ban the group, this time under its Harkat-ul-Mujahideen moniker, on 25 September 2001.The long-time leader of the group, Fazlur Rehman Khalil, in mid-February 2000 stepped down as HUM emir, turning the reins over to the popular Kashmiri commander and his second-in-command, Farooq Kashmiri. Khalil assumed the position of HUM Secretary General.
HUM is thought to have several thousand armed supporters located in Pakistani Kashmir, and India's southern Kashmir and Doda regions. It uses light and heavy machine guns, assault rifles, mortars, explosives, and rockets. HUM lost some of its membership due to defections to the Jaish-e-Mohammed.
The group is based in Muzaffarabad, Rawalpindi, and several other towns in Pakistan and Afghanistan, but members conduct insurgent and terrorist activities primarily in Kashmir.
The group's current leader, Fazlur Rehman Khalil, lives openly in the Islamabad suburb of Golra Sharif. He has denied having any contact with Osama bin Laden.According to The New York Times, Osama Bin Laden's seized cellphones attest Harkat-ul-Mujahideen's continued contact with Osama Bin Laden and its bases and fighters shared with the Taliban over the years following the war in Afghanistan.


== Designation as terrorist organization ==
The countries and organizations below have officially listed the Harkat-ul-Mujahideen (HuM) as a terrorist organization.


== Harkat ul-Ansar ==

Harkat ul-Ansar (HuA) was an Islamic terrorist organization founded by Abdelkader Mokhtari in 1993. It was the result of a merger between Harkat-ul-Mujahideen and Harkat-ul-Jihad-al-Islami (HuJI). Many of its operations were conducted in Jammu and Kashmir.Soon after its founding, several members of its leadership were arrested by Indian Security Forces. In November 1993, the former head of HuM, Nasrullah Mansur Langrayal, was arrested. In February 1994, the HuA general secretary, Maulana Masood Azhar and chief commander, Sajjad Afghani, were captured in the Chattargul area of Anantnag district.It was labeled a terrorist organization in 1997 by the United States because of its connections with Saudi terrorist Osama bin Laden. The ban severely limited the funding of the group, and as a result HuA was reorganized as a reincarnated Harkat-ul-Mujahideen.  At the time, Azhar split from the group to form Jaish-e-Mohammed. In 1998, U.S.'s Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) in its report stated, "HuA, an Islamic terrorist organisation that Pakistan supports in its proxy war against Indian forces in Kashmir, increasingly is using terrorist tactics against Westerners and random attacks on civilians that could involve Westerners to promote its pan-Islamic agenda." CIA also stated that Hua had abducted at least 13 persons, of which 12 were from western countries in the period from early 1994 to 1998.


== See also ==
List of Deobandi organisations
1995 kidnapping of Western tourists in Kashmir
Ansar Al-Mujahideen
Harkat-ul-Jihad-al-Islami
Jaish-e-Mohammed


== References ==
Grace Park (born March 14, 1974) is an American-born Canadian actress and model, known for her roles in the science-fiction series Battlestar Galactica, as Shannon Ng in the Canadian teen soap opera series Edgemont, as Officer Kono Kalakaua in the police procedural Hawaii Five-0, and as Katherine Kim in A Million Little Things.


== Early life ==
Born in Los Angeles, Park moved with her family to Canada when she was 22 months old. She was raised in the Vancouver neighbourhood of Kerrisdale. Park was born to Korean parents. She graduated from Magee Secondary School in 1992 and holds a degree in psychology from the University of British Columbia.


== Career ==
At age 25, Park was cast as high school student Shannon Ng on the Canadian teen soap opera Edgemont. She appeared in the miniseries Battlestar Galactica in 2003 and continued as the same or related characters in subsequent series and films.
Park had a role in the 2007 movie West 32nd, a crime drama set in New York City's Korean neighborhood. She appeared as Lt. Sandra Telfair in Electronic Arts' Command & Conquer 3: Tiberium Wars, along with her Battlestar Galactica co-star, Tricia Helfer.In 2008, she had co-starring roles in the A&E series The Cleaner until it was cancelled on September 25, 2009 and the CBC series The Border until it was cancelled in 2010. In 2009, Park had a cameo role (uncredited) on the ninth season, twentieth episode of television show CSI: Crime Scene Investigation entitled "A Space Oddity". She appeared as a fan in a crowd at a science fiction convention, objecting to a gritty remake of a Star Trek–like series, comparable to the Battlestar Galactica remake in which she starred. In 2009 she reprised her role from Battlestar Galactica in the television movie Battlestar Galactica: The Plan.In 2010, she appeared in the Fox series Human Target as Eva Kahn, and was a main character, Kono Kalakaua, in the 2010 CBS revival of Hawaii Five-0. Park and fellow Hawaii Five-0 co-star Daniel Dae Kim left the show in 2017, leaving the cast without any Asian regulars, after a salary dispute where it was reported that CBS's latest offer paid them 10–15% less than their white co-stars, Alex O'Loughlin and Scott Caan. CBS claimed that they had given "unprecedented" salary raises to Park and Kim, suggesting that they had been paid a lot less under their old contracts. Some critics noted that the network's "refusal to pay Kim and Park on matching terms with O'Loughlin and Caan was CBS's formal declaration that they were determined to protect a disparity that has been a sore point since the show's premiere: The assertion was that O'Loughlin and Caan are Hawaii Five-0 "stars" with Kim and Park being merely "co-leads" or supporting cast", yet Kim and Park were originally featured heavily on advertising and proved to be a crucial part of the show's success.


== Personal life ==
In 2004, Park married real estate developer Phil Kim. The two live in Vancouver. They have one son, born in 2013.Park is a former member of NXIVM, a multi-level marketing organization and cult, and appeared in video interviews with NXIVM founder Keith Raniere.


== Filmography ==


=== Film ===


=== Television ===


== References ==


== External links ==

Grace Park at IMDb 
Grace Park at TV Guide
Grace Park's profile on The Korea Society's Film Journal
Grace Park's biography on filmbug
Grace Park interview on The Scifi World About season 3 & 4 of Galactica
Grace Park on Battlestar Wiki
The Right Connections is a 1997 television film directed by Chuck Vinson and starring Melissa Joan Hart and her four real life siblings.


== Plot ==
A rap singer helps four siblings form a singing group to win a talent contest in order to raise money to help pay their mother's tax bill.


== Cast ==
M.C. Hammer as Kendrick Bragg
Melissa Joan Hart as Melanie Cambridge
Elizabeth Hart as Jamie Tompkins
Brian Hart as Chase Tompkins
Emily Hart as Marnie Tompkins
Alexandra Hart-Gilliams as Kaila Tompkins
Belinda Metz as Gail Tompkins, the widowed mother of Jamie, Chase, Marnie & Kaila
Meshach Taylor as Lionel Clark
Scott Vickaryous as Eric Landau


== References ==
Katharine Lee Reid (December 12, 1941 – September 22, 2022) was an American art historian, curator, and museum director. She was a director of the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts and the Cleveland Museum of Art and deputy director of the Art Institute of Chicago.
In her early career, Reid held curatorial positions at the Ackland Art Museum, the Smart Museum of Art, and the Toledo Museum of Art. Her expertise as an art historian included European paintings and American and European decorative arts.


== Early life ==
Katharine Caecilia Lee Reid was born on December 12, 1941, in Detroit, Michigan. She was the first daughter of Ruth Alida Ward and Sherman Lee, an art historian and director of the Cleveland Museum of Art. Reid said she essentially "grew up" in the Cleveland Museum of Art. Her interest in art grew during her childhood when her father would bring home photographs of artwork from art dealers and ask her what she would buy if she were director. She studied at the Laurel School in Shaker Heights, Ohio, and then at Vassar College and Harvard University. After receiving a Fulbright Scholarship in 1963, she studied overseas at the Institut d'Art et d'Archéologie in the Sorbonne.


== Career ==
Reid took up museum curatorship at the Toledo Museum of Art in 1966. She was then curator of the Smart Museum of Art at the University of Chicago and then the Ackland Art Museum at the University of North Carolina.From 1982 to 1991, Reid served as assistant director and later deputy director of the Art Institute of Chicago. As director of the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts (VMFA) from 1991 to 2000, Reid led the museum through the early 1990s recession, increasing attendance and expanding its outreach programs to the African-American community of Richmond despite severe budget cuts. She initiated a $110-million expansion and renovation of the museum and helped found Museums on the Boulevard (MOB), an organization whose purpose was to coordinate programs among cultural institutions of Richmond's Fan district.On March 13, 2000, she succeeded Robert Bergman as the sixth director of the Cleveland Museum of Art. In her time as director, she began a renovation and expansion of the museum designed by Uruguayan architect Rafael Viñoly, created a separate department of African art in 2001, and established the first full-time curator of contemporary art position. She was also president of the Association of Art Museum Directors. She retired in 2005 in order to spend time with her family. Timothy Rub succeeded her as director in 2006.


== Later life ==
Reid received the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres from the Government of France and was awarded honorary degrees by Knox College and University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. She served on the advisory boards of the Ackland Art Museum and the Nasher Museum of Art. She died on September 22, 2022, in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, from complications of heart surgery.


== References ==
This is a list of characters from Middlesex, a Pulitzer Prize-winning novel by Jeffrey Eugenides published in 2002.


== Characters ==
Calliope "Callie" (later changes name to Cal) Helen Stephanides is the omniscient narrator of the novel. In 1960, he is born with 5-alpha-reductase deficiency, a mutation that causes him to physically look like a girl, when in fact, he possesses the hormones of a boy. He attends an all-girls school, where he joins the field hockey team. At the school, Calliope falls in love with the Obscure Object. Calliope experiences the "bulb", which he calls a "crocus", between his legs erect when he thinks about the Obscure Object.
Chapter Eleven is Calliope's brother. His name plays off how he leads his father's company into bankruptcy. Chapter Eleven refers to the United States bankruptcy law of the same name.
Clementine Stark is the girl in Grosse Pointe, Michigan, who teaches Calliope how to kiss.
Obscure Object is the girl with whom Calliope falls in love. The term originated from Eugenides' college days at Brown University with Rick Moody. When the two found the same girl alluring, they would refer to her as the "Obscure Object". She has been identified as the art historian Evonne Levy, who lives in Toronto, Canada.
Jerome is the Obscure Object's brother. He is the first boy with whom Calliope has sex.
Eleutherios "Lefty" Stephanides is Calliope's grandfather and Desdemona's husband. He is also Desdemona's brother, and is one year her junior. Desdemona and Lefty grew up in a village called Bithynios in the Turkish territory contested between Greece and Turkey during the breakup of the Ottoman Empire after World War I. The two become orphaned, live by themselves and manage the silk farm. Lefty is a bachelor who is unmoved by the seductive techniques employed by the only two marriageable women in the village. In 1922, when the Turks bombard their village, brother and sister move to Smyrna. Upon their arrival at the city, Smyrna is burned and sacked.The two escape Smyrna by boarding a boat for America. They profess their love for each other and marry on the boat. They immigrate to Detroit and are sponsored by their cousin, Sourmalina, and her husband Jimmy Zizmo. Lefty and Desdemona have two children together, Milton and Zoe. Lefty works for a production plant at the Ford Motor Company. He is fired after Ford's inspectors visit his home and discover that Zizmo is selling contraband. Following his dismissal, Lefty becomes a gangster for a short period of time before later managing a bar which he names the Zebra Room.
In his later life, on the day Cal is born, Lefty has a stroke, losing his ability to speak. Lefty communicates with his family by writing messages on a chalkboard. To pass time, he translates Sappho's works every day. He smokes hashish and listens to rebetika albums.Desdemona Stephanides is Calliope's grandmother. She is the sister and wife of Lefty. On the eve of their departure for America, she and Lefty professed their love to each other and married on the boat. During her pregnancy with Milton, she learned that children of incest are often born with diseases. She tried to distant herself from Lefty sexually, but after giving birth to Zoe, she completely withheld sex from him. Throughout her life, Desdemona is plagued with the incest which she and her brother have committed. After moving to America, she works for a brief time counseling the young women workers of the Nation of Islam the ideal way to generate silk.Years later, with her silver spoon, she predicts that Calliope will be a boy. She had never been wrong before. Twenty-three prior guesses were correct. This time, however, she is considered wrong because the doctor thought that Calliope was a female.Sourmelina "Lina" (née Pappasdiamondopoulis) Zizmo is the cousin of Lefty and Desdemona. She is married to Jimmy Zizmo. Sourmalina and her husband sponsor Lefty and Desdemona to reach America. A former inhabitant of Bithynios, she was married off to Zizmo after she was noticed in an inappropriate relationship with a married woman. She sponsors Desdemona and Lefty, keeping their incestuous relationship a secret due to her own secret, her former lesbian intrigue in Bithynios.
Jimmy Zizmo is Lina's husband. He abandons her, faking his own death after she gives birth to their first and only child, Theodora ("Tessie"), Cal's mother, due to his erroneous suspicions that the baby is not his.  He reinvents himself as Wallace Fard Muhammad, leader of the Nation of Islam.
Miltiades "Milton" Stephanides is Calliope's father. He is the son of Lefty and Desdemona. Milton is Tessie's husband and second cousin. Milton courts Tessie with a clarinet and marries her after fighting in World War II. Milton loses his first business to a fire in the 1967 Detroit riot. The payments he receives from several insurance companies enables him to finance a hot dog chain called Hercules Hot Dogs not only becomes a profitable household name but also turns him into a millionaire.
Theodora "Tessie" Stephanides is Calliope's mother. She is Milton's wife and second cousin. After having a son, Chapter Eleven, Tessie longs for a daughter. She and Milton plan the lovemaking to be at the appropriate time to exact the desired result.
Zoë "Aunt Zoe" Stephanides is Calliope's aunt and Father Mike's wife. She is the daughter of Lefty and Desdemona.
Michael "Father Mike" Antoniou is an Orthodox priest who is Tessie's former fiancé. He is Aunt Zoe's husband, although he is still in love with Tessie.
Nishan Philobosian is an Armenian doctor who is evacuated from Smyrna with Lefty and Desdemona after his family is killed by Turkish soldiers, then becomes the Stephanides family's trusted physician in America.
Marius Wyxzewixard Challouehliczilczese Grimes is an African American who befriends Callie. Marius calls Callie "Little Queen of the Nile". He is named after an Ethiopian nationalist. By day, Marius supports himself through working at a record store, and by night, he studies at the University of Detroit Law School. Upon graduation, he intends to file a lawsuit against the city of Dearborn for housing discrimination against African Americans.In one of the central scenes in the novel pertaining to black-white relations, Marius reveals that Callie's father is fearful of African Americans and pays money to the police to protect himself against them. This belief is confirmed when Milton, after seeing Marius talking to Callie, tells her to "stay away from people like that". Callie sees him for the last time during the 1967 Detroit riot. Marius sets on fire a rag suspended from the aperture of a Molotov cocktail and hurls it into the Zebra Room, a bar owned by Milton.Peter "Uncle Pete" Tatakis is a bachelor who attends the Sunday debating sessions at Milton's house.
Peter Luce is a sexologist in New York who is considered a foremost expert on hermaphroditism. Dr. Luce is modeled after the 1970s sexologist, John Money. Both Luce and Money believe that nurture determined a person's gender identity and that gender reassignment after two-and-a-half years of age would be disastrous. Luce plans to castrate Calliope and give her progesterone to let her remain female.
Zora Khyber is a coworker of Cal's at San Francisco's Sixty-Niners, Bob Presto's burlesque club. Appearing fully female despite being genetically male, Zora is affected by complete androgen insensitivity syndrome. She is passionate about intersex visibility despite her ability to pass as female.
Julie Kikuchi is a Japanese-American photographer with whom Cal has a relationship in his adult life.


== References ==
Notes
Bibliography
Yantzaza is a town in the Zamora Chinchipe province of Ecuador. It is the seat of the Yantzaza Canton.
Yantzaza, with a population of 13,335, is the second most populated town of the province. It is also the province's principal economic and commercial center. It is located 42 kilometers (about 23 miles) from the city Zamora and is near the Zamora River's bank, on the Yantzaza Valley or Valley of Fireflies (Spanish: Valle de Yantzaza o Valle de las Luciérnagas).


== Name ==
The origin of its name comes from the word yanzatza in Shuar which means "valley of the fireflies," due to the constant presence of fireflies in the area.


== Economy ==
In the outskirts and surroundings of the city there is an intense form of stock breeding and an extensive strip mining system which supplies the local and national markets.


== Tourism ==
One of the more common tourist attractions for local inhabitants as well as foreign visitors is the discovery of marine shell fossils in the major avenue of the city, Avenue Iván Riofrío. The Central Park consists of plants and the native flower shrubs.
The most prominent building of the city is the new Illustrious City Hall of Yantzaza (Spanish: Ilustre Municipalidad de Yantzaza). There are other private buildings, which are the tallest in the city.There are several hotels in the area, including Hotel Galaxy, Hotel Oriental, Hotel Sebastians, Hotel Inca, Amazonas, Yanku, and Central.Other amenities include the Ottawa Recreational Center (Spanish: el Centro Recreacional Ottawa) whose services include a pool, sports court, and restaurant. Also nearby is the Municipal Sports Center (Spanish: el Complejo Deportivo Municipal) which is located towards the northern part of the city on Avenue Jaime Roldos Augilera. There are also guest houses like Tierra Dorada, Playa Verde, and El Ayantay which each have pools, Turkish baths, and hot-tubs in addition to traditional dishes like tilapia.In Quiringue, located 13 kilometers (about 8 miles) from Yantzaza, visitors can learn more about hand-woven fabrics. These fabrics are woven with the rare thread made from silk worms.


== References ==


== External links ==

www.inec.gov.ec / Yantzaza Canton
"Angel" is an up-tempo ballad in English sung by Helena Paparizou. It is the first Swedish single release after the 2014 single Don't Hold Back On Love. The original song was written by Amir Aly, Henrik Wikström, Bobby Ljunggren and Sharon Vaughn. It is included on the album Ouranio Toxo. 
The song was released in Sweden digitally on iTunes & Vevo on April 24 by Lionheart.


== Charts ==


== Track listing ==
01. Angel – 03:04
02. Angel (Singback Version) – 03:04


== Release history ==


== References ==
Jaime is a common Spanish and Portuguese male given name for Jacob (name), James (name), Jamie, or Jacques. In Occitania Jacobus became Jacome and later Jacme. In east Spain, Jacme became Jaime, in Aragon it became Chaime, and in Catalonia it became Jaume. In western Spain Jacobus became Iago; in Portugal it became Tiago. The name Saint James developed in Spanish to Santiago, in Portuguese to São Tiago. The names Diego (Spanish) and Diogo (Portuguese) are also Iberian versions of Jaime.
In the United States, Jaime is used as an independent masculine given name, along with given name James.For females, it remains less popular, not appearing on the top 1,000 U.S. female names for the past 5 years.


== People ==
Jaime, Duke of Braganza, Portuguese nobleman of the 15th/16th centuries, the 4th Duke of Braganza
Infante Jaime, Duke of Segovia (1908–1975), Spanish prince, the second son of Alfonso XIII of Spain and his wife Victoria Eugenie of Battenberg
Jaime Alguersuari (born 1990), Spanish racing driver
Jaime Angelopoulos (born 1982), Canadian sculptor
Jaime Areizaga-Soto, attorney
Jaime Augusto Zobel de Ayala (born 1959), Filipino chairman and CEO of the Ayala Corporation
Jaime Barría (born 1996), Panamanian baseball player
Jaime Lyn Beatty, American actress and singer
Jaime Bosch, several
Jaime Botín (born 1936), Spanish billionaire heir and banker
Jaime Camara (born 1980), Brazilian racing driver
Jaime Camil (born 1973), actor
Jaime Carbonell, computer scientist at Carnegie Mellon University
Jaime Castillo, several
Jaime Churches (born 1988), American politician
Jaime Clarke (born 1971), American novelist and editor
Jaime Córdoba (born 1988), Colombian footballer
Jaime Córdoba (politician) (born 1950), Curaçaoan politician
Jaime Escalante, Bolivian-American educator and subject of the film Stand and Deliver
Jaime Hayon, Spanish designer and artist and founder of Hayon Studio
Jaime Hernandez, American cartoonist and co-creator of the comic book series Love and Rockets
Jaime Eyzaguirre (1908–1968), Chilean lawyer and historian
Jaime Gutiérrez Avendaño (1936–2012), Salvadoran military officer and politician
Jaime Guttenberg (2003–2018), one of the 17 victims who was killed in the Stoneman Douglas High School shooting
Jaime Guzmán (1946–1991), Chilean lawyer and politician
Jaime Hipp, American water polo goalkeeper
Jaime Huélamo (1948–2014), Spanish road cyclist
Jaime Jaquez Jr. (born 2001), American basketball player
Jaime Jiménez Merlo (born 1980), Spanish football (soccer) player commonly known as Jaime
Jaime King (born 1979), American actress and model
Jaime King (swimmer) (born 1976), English Olympic swimmer
Jaime Laredo (born 1941), Bolivian-American director and violist
Jaime Lloreda (born 1980), Panamanian basketball player
Jaime Luis Gómez, better known as Taboo, a member of The Black Eyed Peas
Jaime de Marichalar (born 1963), former Spanish royalty
Jaime Maussan (born 1953), Mexican journalist
Jaime Meline, aka El-P, hip-hop artist
Jaime Melo (born 1980), Brazilian racing driver
Jaime Moreno (born 1974), Bolivian football (soccer) player
Jaime Murray (born 1976), British actress
Jaime Ray Newman (born 1978), American actress and singer
Jaime Nunó (1824–1908), Spanish composer
Jaime Pressly (born 1977), American actress
Jaime Patricio Ramírez (born 1967), Chilean football (soccer) player
Jaime Preciado, bassist of the rock band Pierce the Veil
Jaime Queralt-Lortzing Beckmann, Spanish rally driver (winner Rally España Histórico 2009)
Jaime Sánchez Fernández (born 1973), Spanish footballer
Jaime Sin, Filipino Catholic cardinal who took part in the People Power Revolution
Jaime Vera (born 1963), Chilean football (soccer) player
Jaime Yzaga (born 1967), Peruvian tennis player
Jaime Zobel de Ayala (born 1934), Filipino businessman and chairman emeritus of Ayala Corporation
Jaime Augusto Zobel de Ayala (born 1959), Filipino businessman, son of Jaime, and current chairman and CEO of Ayala Corporation


== Characters ==
Jaime Lannister, known as "Kingslayer", a fictional character in the fantasy epic novel series A Song of Ice and Fire and its derived works such as TV series Game of Thrones. However, this is likely not derived from the Spanish name "Jaime" but is instead a corrupted spelling of "Jamie", which is how the name in the series is pronounced. It is common in the book series for characters' names to be slight misspellings of real-life English names.
Jaime Reyes (comics), a DC Comics superhero known as Blue Beetle
Jaime Rosales, a character in Cassandra Clare's Lady Midnight
Jaime Sommers (The Bionic Woman), the title character of The Bionic Woman
Jaime Castro, a character in the television series Broad City


== See also ==
Jaime (1974 film), a Portuguese film directed by António Reis
Jaime (1999 film), a 1999 Portuguese film
Domingo Romeo Jaime, one of the pioneers of Cuban Scouting
Jaime (album), a 2019 album from Brittany Howard
Jaimes
Jaimie
James (name)
Jamie


== References ==
School for Suicide (Danish: Selvmordsskolen) is a 1964 Danish drama film directed by Knud Leif Thomsen. It was entered into the 14th Berlin International Film Festival.


== Cast ==
Jørgen Ryg - Mand der ønsker at begå selvmord
Axel Strøbye - Professor / Bilsælger
Hans W. Petersen - Bedemanden S.S. Markussen
Bodil Udsen - Sundhedsplejerske
Tina Nørløv - Kvinde der reklamerer i tv
Judy Gringer - Sekretær for professoren
Helle Hertz - Frk. Hansen
Lone Hertz - Kvinde der studerer sex-stillinger
Harald Isenstein - Kunstner
Minna Jørgensen - Mor
Palle Huld - Far
Kirsten Walther - Datter
Preben Kaas - Søn
Morten Grunwald - Søn
Paul Hagen - Taler foran Folketinget
Klaus Nielsen - Mand i Nyhavn


== References ==


== External links ==
School for Suicide at IMDb
Alexandru Gergely (sometimes: Ghergheli; Hungarian: Sándor Gergely) (16 September 1951 – 25 March 2018) was a Romanian professional footballer and manager of Hungarian ethnicity. He grew up at Unirea Cristuru Secuiesc, then playing at senior level for Steagul Roșu Brașov and FC Bihor Oradea. After retirement, Gergely managed in the youth centers of FC Bihor Oradea and Liberty Salonta, being well known for discovering footballers such as: Claudiu Keșerü, Sebastian Achim, Cristian Cigan or Sergiu Homei, among others.


== Club career ==
Gergely grew up in Unirea Cristuru Secuiesc Football Academy and was trained at the Romanian national youth squads by famous coaches such as Gheorghe Ola or Cornel Drăgușin.He made his debut at senior level for Steagul Roșu Brașov in 1970, also making its first appearance in the top-flight. After six years spent at the "yellow and blacks", in which he played in 142 matches and scored 34 goals, Gergely moved to FC Bihor Oradea, where he played until its retirement. At FC Bihor Oradea, "Gobe" (as he was nicknamed) was a member of the 1970s golden team, together with other two footballers from Brașov, Mircea Albu and Nicolae Florescu. He played in 126 matches for the "red and blues", scoring 45 goals.Alexandru Gergely played in 268 Divizia A matches and scored 79 goals.


== Manager career ==
After retirement, Gergely was for years one of the coaches that activated in the FC Bihor Oradea Youth Academy, where he discovered players such as Claudiu Keșerü, Sebastian Achim or Cristian Cigan, among many others. For a short period, during the 2000s, he was also a coach in the Liberty Salonta Academy, in that period promoting other future top-flight players, among them, Sergiu Homei."Gobe" was also the assistant manager of FC Bihor Oradea and Liberty Salonta senior squads and the manager of 4th tier side Petrom Abram.


== Later years and death ==
In 2011, Gergely suffered the amputation of his right leg, the one with which he was making waves as a footballer. After this unfortunate medical event, he ended his career as a football manager. His beloved club, FC Bihor, made some efforts to help him financially in the following years, despite the fact that the club itself was in insolvency. Gergely died on 25 March 2018 at the age of 66.


== References ==


== External links ==
Alexandru Gergely at labtof.ro
Mochinut is an American restaurant chain specializing in mochi donuts, boba, and Korean-style hot dogs. It has locations across the United States and South Korea.


== History ==
The chain was founded in Cerritos, California, on March 13, 2020, by Jaewook Ha. It has been described as a spin-off of Chung Chun Rice Dog, having its first location inside of it.


== Menu ==
The mochi donuts are made with rice flour, making them flexible and recognizable due to their distinct shape of eight small balls connected as a circle. There are around 25 flavors of the food, but it varies by location. Listed on their website are:
Hot dogs offered are in a distinct Korean style, being wrapped in a bun similar to a corn dog. They can come wrapped in potatoes or ramen toppings, covered with mozzarella and squid ink, or "volcano" style, having a spicy sausage. Tteokbokki is also available.


== Locations ==
As of 2023, Mochinut has 148 locations throughout the United States. It also has locations in the countries of South Korea and Thailand.


== References ==


== External links ==

Official website
Bahner is a tiny unincorporated rural hamlet in Pettis County, Missouri, United States. There is just a church at Bahner, and a half-dozen homes.


== History ==
A post office called Bahner was established in 1882 which remained in operation until 1907. Edward Bahner, an early postmaster, most likely gave the community his name.


== References ==
Coke Studio is a Pakistani television series featuring live music performances. The program focuses on a fusion of the diverse musical influences in Pakistan, including eastern classical, folk, and contemporary popular music. Following is the list of its episodes released till date, along with the songs and singers in correspondence with the seasons and their respective episodes.


== Seasons overview ==


== Episodes ==


=== Season 1 (2008) ===

The first season of Coke Studio began on 7 June 2008 and ended on 4 August 2008. The show was produced by The Coca-Cola Company and Rohail Hyatt. The production team included Rohail Hyatt as the executive producer along with Umber Hyatt being the producer of the show. Natasha De Souza and Naseer-ud-din Wasif served as production team members.
Artists featuring in the show included, Rahat Fateh Ali Khan, Ali Azmat, Ali Zafar, Ustaad H. B Gullo, Saieen Tufail Ahmed, Strings, Sajid & Zeeshan, Saba & Selina and Mauj. The show also featured a house band which had some of the high-profile musicians in the country including, Omran Shafique on guitars, Kamran Zafar on bass guitars, Zeeshan Parwez on keyboards and turntables, Louis 'Gumby' Pinto on drums. Other members of the house band included, Saba Shabbir, Athar Sani and Selina Rashid on backing vocals along with Babar Khanna, Zulfiq 'Shazee' Ahmed Khan and The Abdul Latif Band on percussions.
The first episode aired on 8 June, followed by the second episode on 29 June. The third episode was aired on all locals channels on 20 July and the show came to an end on 4 August, which also rebroadcast three songs, "Sar Kiye" by Strings, "Garaj Baras" by Ali Azmat featuring Rahat Fateh Ali Khan and "Allah Hu" by Tufail Ahmed and Ali Zafar, from the previous episodes.


=== Season 2 (2009) ===

The second series of Coke Studio included notable differences from the first series, including the fact that the live audiences were excluded. The series also ran for longer, this time there were five episodes in total and in each episode there were five or more performances by the featuring artists. Rohail Hyatt returned as the executive producer along with Umber Hyatt as the producer of the show. This series also saw an increase in the number of musicians in the house band. The house band included, Asad Ahmed and Omran Shafique on guitars along with Kamran Zafar on bass guitars, two new members included Jaffar Zaidi on keyboards and Javed Iqbal on violin whereas Louis 'Gumby' Pinto returned on drums and on dholak was Sikander Inam. Other musicians included Natasha De Sousa and Saba Shabbir on backing vocals and on percussions were Babar Khanna, Waris 'Baloo' Ali and Zulfiq 'Shazee' Ahmed Khan.
This series also featured some well known guest musicians which included, sitar player Rakae Jamil, flutist Baqir Abbas, sarangi player Gul Mohammad, Gupreet Channa on tablas and Sadiq Sameer playing the rubab. Also, the second season featured Ali Zafar and Strings performing for the second time at Coke Studio as they were also part of the first season.
The second season began on 14 June 2009 and ended on the Independence Day of Pakistan, 14 August. Each episode was given an individual title and the titles per episode were; Individuality, Harmony, Equality, Spirit and Unity respectively.


=== Season 3 (2010) ===

Coke Studio returned for its third series on 1 June 2010. Rohail Hyatt continued as the executive producer along with Umber Hyatt as the producer of the show. The production team included Naseer-ud-din Wasif as the technical manager, Zeeshan Parwez assisted by Adnan Malik on video production, Danial Hyatt on visual and animations and Selina Rashid with her firm Lotus as public relations.
The third season also saw a change in the house band as Natasha De Souza was replaced by Sanam Saeed and Zoe Viccaji who joined Saba Shabbir on backing vocals. Sikander Mufti joined the crew on percussions with Babar Khanna and Zulfiq 'Shazee' Ahmed Khan. Asad Ahmed and Omran Shafique returned as guitarists along with Kamran Zafar on bass. Jaffar Ali Zaidi and Javed Iqbal stayed on keyboards and violin respectively whereas Gumby remained as the drummer of the show.
This series also featured some well-known guest musicians which included, flutist Baqir Abbas, Sagar Veena player Noor Zehra and Sadiq Sameer playing the rubab. Also, the third season featured a return of Noori, Zeb and Haniya and Arieb Azhar, who were also part of second season of the show. The third season featured five episodes which are titled as Reason, Will, Conception, Form and Realisation, respectively.


=== Season 4 (2011) ===

Rohail Hyatt and his wife Umber Hyatt remained as the producers of the show. The house band recruited drummer Raheel Manzar Paul and vocalist Rachel Viccaji. The house band saw Sanam Saeed and Saba Shabbir leaving the band and the rest of the house band remained unchanged.
Sanam Marvi made a return to the fourth season of the show performing for the second time at Coke Studio, she first appeared in the previous season. Other featured artists in the fourth season included Bilal Khan, progressive metal band Mizraab, Balochi folk singer Akhtar Chanal Zahri, pop rock band Jal from Lahore, Kaavish, Qawwal group of Fareed Ayaz & Abu Muhammad, Asif Hussain Samraat, Komal Rizvi, Sajjad Ali, Mole, QB and eastern classical Punjabi singer Attaullah Khan Esakhelvi.
The second season began on 22 May 2011 and ended on 17 July 2011, featuring a total of five episodes.


=== Season 5 (2012) ===

Coke Studio returned for its fifth series on 13 May 2012. Rohail Hyatt and Umber Hyatt continued as producers of the show. Among the house band, Louis 'Gumby' Pinto left the show due to his being the executive producer of the show Uth Records by Ufone. Jaffer Ali Zaidi also left the show and was replaced by Mubashir Admani. Raheel Manzar Paul and Zulfiq 'Shazee' Ahmed Khan also left the show. Farhad Humuyun was recruited as the new drummer for the fifth series.
The fifth season saw a return of Bilal Khan, Fareed Ayaz & Abu Muhammad, Atif Aslam and Meesha Shafi, all artists having performed previously on Coke Studio. The series also featured international rap musician Bohemia, rock bands Overload and SYMT from Lahore, Punjabi singer Hadiqa Kiani, Pushto pop singer Hamayoon Khan, progressive rock band Qayaas from Islamabad, singers Uzair Jaswal and Rachel Viccaji. Folk singers Tahir Mithu and Chakwal group are also featured artists.


=== Season 6 (2013) ===

Rohail Hyatt and Umber Hyatt continued as producers of the show. Among the house band, Louis 'Gumby' Pinto & Jaffer Ali Zaidi returned to the show on drums and keyboards respectively after their absence from last season. Other members included Asad Ahmed on guitar, Babar Ali Khanna on dholak, Kamran ‘Mannu’ Zafar on bass, Sikandar Mufti on percussions and drums, Omran Shafique on guitar and Zoe Viccaji and Rachel Viccaji on backing vocals The houseband also featured international musicians for the first time in show's history, from countries like Italy, Serbia, Nepal, Turkey, Bangladesh, Morocco and Norway.
The sixth season saw a return of artists like Atif Aslam, Ali Azmat, Zeb & Haniya, Sanam Marvi and Saieen Zahoor. This season marked the first time for foreign artists to be featured on the show, with the likes of Sweden-based Balochi singer Rostam Mirlashari and Turkish singer Sumru Ağıryürüyen.


=== Season 7 (2014) ===

Season seven is produced by Strings (band) as previous seasons producer Rohail Hyatt quits on 22 January 2014. while Coca-Cola returns as an executive producer. The band's duo, Bilal Maqsood and Faisal Kapadia produced the show for the first time, while they briefly appeared as featured artists in season one and season two, the duo took three months to complete the production of series. Season featured twenty-three artists, twenty-two musicians and twenty-eight songs. Also season is revamped with new house bands which includes, musicians, backing vocalists and guest musicians.Previously it was scheduled to premiere on 7 September 2014 but was delayed due to an ongoing political crisis which has caught the media attention everywhere. Season premiered under the tagline of Sound of the Nation.


=== Season 8 (2015) ===

The debut producers of season 7, Strings duo and series regular producer Coca-Cola continued their journey as producers in this season. Earlier, rumours were made that Rohail Hyatt will be back as a producer this season but he denied rumors saying "Just for the record, I’m not producing the next season of Coke Studio Pakistan (2015). I think the BBC interview is being interpreted by some as if I am producing this season. What I meant to say was that I would like to produce my 7th season of Coke Studio one day. I hope this clears any confusion". The lead bassist Khalid Khan, was ruled out of season 8 due to cervical pain, who was replaced by Kamran ‘Mannu’ Zafar. Season would feature seven episodes comprising thirty-one artists, thirteen musicians and twenty-eight songs.It aired a weekly episode every Sunday on various channels across Pakistan. Season was revived under the tagline of The Sound of Nation.
Initial promo song
On 4 August 2015 a special tribute to Sohail Rana & Masroor Anwar was presented by reproducing their patriotic song "Sohni Dharti" as a part of Pakistan's 68th Independence celebration. Season also released the promo with the tribute under the tagline of 'Celebrating the spirit of Independence'. "Sohni Dharti"  featured all the artists that were scheduled to lined-up for this season. The promo and tribute release were met with extravagant reception from all over the world. "Sohni Dharti" went viral with in 24-hours of it release, earning wide spread acclaim. The song was declared as "the best of what Coke Studio has ever offered".


=== Season 9 (2016) ===

The ninth season of Coke Studio was again produced by the band Strings and Coca-Cola Company, with six music directors, Noori, Shani Arshad, Jaffer Zaidi, Faakhir, Shiraz Uppal and Shuja Haider. This was the first time in the history of Coke Studio that six musicians served as music directors. The ninth season debuted on 13 August, and its final episode aired on 2 September 2016. Qawwal singer Amjad Sabri, marked his first and final appearance on Coke Studio with the song "Rang". His song was aired posthumously, as he was killed in a gun-firing on 22 June 2016, before the seasons airing. Also in the season, the Indian singer Shilpa Rao, marked her debut on Coke Studio Pakistan, becoming the first singer from India to feature on a Pakistani musical series.Initial promo song
On 3 August 2016, Coke Studio begin with the promotion of the song "Zalima Coca Cola Pila De". Originally sung by Noor Jehan, the song was recreated by the years featured artists Umair Jaswal and Meesha Shafi. Like the previous season, Coke Studio aired another patriotic song "Ay Rah-e-Haq Haq K Shaheedo" on 6 August 2016 for the celebration of the 69th Independence Day of Pakistan. The song was a tribute to the Pakistan Army as well as to those who died during the partition of India. The song was aired with the theme "Dedicated to those who sacrifice their todays for our tomorrows", and a monologue voiceover of filmmaker Shahzad Nawaz:

Originally sung by Naseem Begum, the recreated version featured all the line-up artists, who were scheduled to feature in Coke Studio. Upon release the song went viral on the internet, garnering more than five million viewers in less than five hours of its release.  Additionally, the song received overwhelming response from both critics and the audience. The Indian newspaper Firstpost called the song "memorable".The season began airing its weekly episodes Saturdays and releasing all episodes digitally on Fridays a day prior to its original broadcast. 


=== Season 10 (2017) ===

The tenth season of Coke Studio was produced by Strings and Coca-Cola Company. It started on 11 August 2017 and ended on It had nine music directors. Shuja Haider, Shani Arshad and Jaffer Zaidi returned with Ali Hamza of band Noori, Meekal Hassan of Meekal Hassan Band, Salman Ahmad of Junoon, Sahir Ali Bagga, Sajjad Ali made their debut as music director. Strings also directed three songs, while also being producers of Coke Studio. A special tribute was given to Mehdi Hassan, Master Inayat Hussain, Noor Jehan, Aamir Zaki, Faiz Ahmed Faiz, Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan, JJ Khan and Vital Signs. Junaid died in a plane crash. Aamir last time appeared in the song Naina Moray before he died of a cardiac arrest. Strings also made an appearance in the song Us Rah Par. They decided to stop adopting this format after this season.
Initial promo song
Just like last two seasons, Coke Studio launched Pakistan National Anthem on 5 August 2017. It was launched to celebrate the 70 years of Pakistan. It featured season artists as well as the music directors. It managed to gain positive reviews.


=== Season 11 (2018) ===

Coke Studio returns with its eleventh edition. Strings stopped producing and Ali Hamza and Zohaib Kazi turned out to be the producers. Many of the singers returned while many of them are made their debuts. For the first time, transgender people performed in the platform. Also, it had a rap song which was also received well by audiences. International band Krewella had also starred in this season.
Preceding the release of season, as a part of a traditional format, Coke Studio revealed this year featured artists performing a rendition of popular nazm, "Hum Dekhenge" by poet Faiz Ahmed Faiz, originally recorded by Iqbal Bano. The promo song also manifests the nation's political situation in the midst of general elections. The song was received well by the critics.


=== Season 12 (2019) ===

The twelfth season of Coke Studio was produced by show's founder Rohail Hyatt and distributed by Coca-Cola Pakistan. Coke Studio 12 ended the tradition of starting a new season with a patriotic song, this tradition was started in season 8. 
The season was opened by Atif Aslam's Wohi Khuda Hai, a Hamd written by Muzaffar Warsi. The twelfth season commenced airing on 11 October 2019 and concluded on 29 November 2019. The season featured 6 episodes and 1 season opener/premiere, making a total of 21 songs.


=== Season 13 (2020) ===

Coke Studio Season 2020 is produced by show's founder Rohail Hyatt and distributed by Coca-Cola Pakistan. The season is referred as Coke Studio 2020 because of coronavirus pandemic. Coke Studio 2020 began airing on 4 December 2020 and concluded on 25 December 2020. The show was opened by an all-female anthem; Na Tutteya Ve, the song speaks about the resilience of women. The season featured 12 original songs, all songs were arranged and produced by Rohail Hyatt..


=== Season 14 (2022) ===

The season consisted of 13 original songs, each with its own unique video directed by some of Pakistan's most innovative directors, such as Jamal Rahman, Kamal Khan, Murtaza Niaz, and Zeeshan Parwez. The season was produced by Xulfi and Abdullah Siddiqui was the associate producer.


=== Season 15 (2024) ===


== Coke Studio Explorer ==


=== Explorer (2018) ===

Ali Hamza and Zohaib Kazi introduced Explorer 2018 in which they go to different places across Pakistan and discover regional music stories and singers and bring them to the lime light. The show was started on 3 July 2018 and concluded on 17 July 2018. All songs were produced by Ali Hamza & Zohaib Kazi.


== Coke Studio Special ==


=== Coke Studio Special (2010) ===
Coke Studio Special is part of the Coke Studio video web blog series which included special features such as unreleased performances from the second season of the show. The first video blog was released on 15 January 2010 and the last video blog was released on 16 May 2010, on the YouTube channel of the show.


=== Phir Se Game Utha Dain (2015) ===


=== Hum Aik Hain (2019) ===


=== Ramadan (2020) ===


=== Pakistan Day Special (2021) ===


=== Cricket Khidaiye (2021) ===


== See also ==
Coke Studio (Pakistan)
Rohail Hyatt
Strings
Ali Hamza
Zohaib Kazi
Music of Pakistan


== References ==


== Notes ==


== External links ==
Official website
Coke Studio's channel on YouTube
The 1985 NCAA Division II Soccer Championship was the 14th annual tournament held by the NCAA to determine the top men's Division II college soccer program in the United States.
In a rematch of the previous year's final, Seattle Pacific defeated defending champions Florida International, 3–2, to win their third Division II national title. The Falcons (20-3) were coached by Cliff McCrath.
The final match was played on December 7 at Florida International University in Miami, Florida.


== Bracket ==


== Final ==


== See also ==
NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship
NCAA Division III Men's Soccer Championship
NAIA Men's Soccer Championship


== References ==
Ashu Trikha is an Indian film director and producer of Bollywood. He started his career with Arjun Rampal movie Deewaanapan which was produced by Vashu Bhagnani's. Sheesha in 2005, followed by Mithun Chakraborty starrer Zindagi Tere Naam. His next venture Baabarr had Mithun and Om Puri  followed by Mithun Chakraborty's home production Enemmy with an ensemble cast of Mithun Chakraborty, Sunil Shetty, Mahakshay Chakraborty, Kay Kay Menon and Zakir Hussain.


== Filmography ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Ashu Trikha at IMDb
The Forch railway (German: Forchbahn, FB, nicknamed Förchler, Frieda, Frieda Bünzli by locals) is a local mixed tramway / railway line  in the Swiss canton of Zürich. It is owned and operated by the Forchbahn AG, and is branded as line S18 of the Zürich S-Bahn. The standard Zürcher Verkehrsverbund (ZVV) zonal fare tariffs apply to the line.The line opened in 1912 and links the towns of Esslingen and Forch to Rehalp, an outer suburb of the city of Zürich. From Rehalp, trains continue over the Zürich tram system to a terminus at Zürich Stadelhofen FB, outside the Zürich Stadelhofen railway station in central Zürich.The line is built to metre gauge (3 ft 3+3⁄8 in gauge). Between Esslingen and Rehalp the line has a length of some 13 km (8.1 mi), with the continuation over the Zürich tram system adding an extra 3 km (1.9 mi) of route.


== History ==
The Forch railway line opened on November 27, 1912, with the trip taking 67 minutes. As built, the line from the Zürich city boundary to Esslingen was a single track tramway, largely mixed in with road traffic. At Esslingen, the Forch line connected with the Uster-Oetwil line and, indirectly via that, with the Wetzikon-Meilen line. These two metre gauge tramway lines had both closed by 1950.
In 1950 it was proposed that the line should be replaced by buses, and a two-week test bus operation was undertaken with moderate success. The conclusion of the experiment was that retaining the line was the best solution provided that the line could be separated from the street and modernized. In the following decade, separation of rail and road traffic was increased. New bogie rolling stock was acquired, similar to two cars built for the line in the late 1940s.In 1970, a new depot and station was built at Forch, together with a new section of line and underpass under the new main road. Between 1973 and 1976 a tunnel was built under the village of Zumikon, eliminating the street section through that village. In 1976, new Tram 2000 trains were introduced and a regular 15-minute train frequency was introduced. By 1979 the line had been doubled as far as Neue Forch.Projected extensions to Zürich Hauptbahnhof and Wetzikon were under consideration as early as 1979, but have yet to become reality. In 1990, the line was added to the ZVV transportation network, and in 1995 a new terminus was built at Esslingen. In 2004, new low floor cars were acquired from Stadler to replace the 1950s stock. In 2007, the terminus at Stadelhofen was realigned.


== Operation ==


=== Route ===
The line starts from Zürich Stadelhofen FB at Stadelhoferplatz, outside the main line Stadelhofen station, where the line terminates on a loop with its own two platforms. The Forchbahn platforms are flanked by platforms for tram routes 11 and 8 of the Zürich tram system, which share tracks with the initial stretch of the Forchbahn.Between Stadelhofen and Rehalp, the Forchbahn trains use the tracks of the tram system, owned by the Verkehrsbetriebe Zürich (VBZ), which are electrified at 600 V DC and are largely situated in the street. Between these two points, Forchbahn trains serve intermediate tram stops at Kreuzplatz (where tram route 8 diverges), Hegibachplatz and Balgrist.At Rehalp tram route 11 has its terminus, and the Forchbahn trains enter the line's separate Rehalp station. Here they join the Forchbahn proper, which is electrified on the overhead system at 1200 V DC. From Rehalp to the Waltikon station the line uses a roadside double track alignment, and serves the intermediate  stations of Waldburg, Spital Zollikerberg and Zollikerberg.Immediately after leaving Waltikon station, the line enters a double track tunnel under the village of Zumikon, serving the underground stations of Zumikon and Maiacher. The line surfaces just before entering Neue Forch station, where it resumes its roadside alignment. The next section of line, between Neue Forch and Forch, is single track, to be double tracked in the 2020s. The line's headquarters is situated at the 1970s Forch station, which includes a depot complex.After Forch the line passes under the motor way built 1970 before returning to its alignment alongside the old road. The remainder of the line is single track, and serves intermediate stations at Scheuren, Neuhaus bei Hinteregg, Hinteregg, Egg, Langwies and Emmat. All these stops include passing loops, with the exception of Langwies and Emmat. The line terminates at the modern Esslingen station, which has three tracks and an overall roof.


=== Services ===
S18 Zürich Stadelhofen – Zürich Rehalp – Forch – EsslingenThe passenger services on the line forms part of the Zürich S-Bahn, branded as the S18. The standard Zürcher Verkehrsverbund (ZVV) zonal fare tariffs apply to the line.During the day, trains calling at all stops run every 15 minutes from Stadelhofen to Forch, with every second train continuing to Esslingen. At peak periods, four express trains per hour run to Esslingen without stopping between Rehalp and Forch, whilst another four trains per hour provide a stopping service as far as Forch. Stopping trains take about 35 minutes to cover the full journey, with express trains some 5 minutes faster.


=== Rolling stock ===
The line uses the following rolling stock:

Trailer car, B 119 originally built 1930 for Lausanne Tramways, was preserved in the Zürich Tram Museum from 2007 until 2021. 
In spring 2021 it was regauged for 760 mm (2 ft 5+15⁄16 in) Bosnian gauge and is used for heritage trains on the Agnita railway line in Romania.After the 1950/60 stock was rendered surplus by the new Stadler cars, the Forchbahn motor cars BDe 4/4 11 to 16, and driving trailers Bt 101 to  108 (less the scrapped Bt 107) were donated to the municipality of Antananarivo in Madagascar. The vehicles were shipped to Madagascar in 2004/5, for use in creating a suburban train service, but by 2021 they were still in store there.
In 2021, according to a news item in the madegassian paper  «La Vérité», using the trailer cars for a jungle express in the south east of the island was proposed.


== References ==


== External links ==
 Media related to Forchbahn at Wikimedia Commons
Official website (in German)
ZVV official website: zone map (in English)
The Western Connecticut Planning Region is a planning region and county-equivalent in Connecticut. It is served by the coterminous Western Connecticut Council of Governments (WestCOG), one of nine regional councils of governments in Connecticut. Within the region, there are two Metropolitan Planning Organizations, South Western CT MPO and the Housatonic Valley MPO. 
The region includes the Connecticut Panhandle, Greater Danbury, and the Gold Coast. In 2022, planning regions were approved to replace Connecticut's counties as county-equivalents for statistical purposes, with full implementation occurring by 2024.


== Demographics ==
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 620,549 people living in the Western Connecticut Planning Region, making it the second most populated region in the state behind the Capitol Planning Region.


== Municipalities ==
The following municipalities are members of the Western Connecticut Region:


=== Cities ===
Danbury
Norwalk
Stamford


=== Towns ===
Bethel
Bridgewater
Brookfield
Darien
Greenwich
New Canaan
New Fairfield
New Milford
Newtown
Redding
Ridgefield
Sherman
Weston
Westport
Wilton


== References ==


== External links ==

Western Connecticut Council of Governments
Jurassic Park: Survival is a canceled action-adventure video game that was in development by Savage Entertainment and was to be published by Konami. Based upon the Jurassic Park franchise, the game was to be released on the PlayStation 2 and Xbox in November 2001. It was also planned for Microsoft Windows and GameCube.
Development began in October 2000. Initially, the game was to be based on the 2001 film Jurassic Park III. However, the film was in production at that time and could not provide visual reference to the game's development teams, who had to devise their own designs and ideas. Vivendi Universal ultimately decided that the game would only be inspired by the film, rather than based on it, and subsequently chose to include elements not featured in the film. In July 2001, Savage ended development due to payment conflicts with Vivendi Universal, which was dissatisfied with the progress of the game. In North America, the game was expected to receive a Teen rating.


== Gameplay ==
Jurassic Park: Survival was to be played from a third-person perspective with David Vaughn, a member of a security team, as the main character. The game would have taken place on an island of genetically engineered dinosaurs. Gameplay was described as being similar to the Tomb Raider games. Chacko Sonny, a founder of Savage Entertainment, described the company's goal on the gameplay as "Die-Hard meets Jurassic Park". In its preview video, gameplay appeared similar to a survival horror game, with additional action-adventure elements such as climbing, crawling, rolling, shoot rolling, jumping and swimming, as well as other platforming strategies to outwit the dinosaurs instead of trying to take them head on.Vaughn's enemies would have included eight dinosaur species and four different types of military officers. A fictionalized version of Troodon with glowing eyes would have been featured in the game, and was later implemented into Jurassic Park: The Game (2011). Dinosaur AI was meant to be an integral part of the game; dinosaurs would be able to lure the main character into traps, hunt in packs, and retreat for reinforcements if needed.Vaughn's weapons would have included a pistol, an electric prod, and a grenade launcher. Vaughn would also carry a PDA with him, which could be used to contact team members for assistance. An item known as the "phero pack" could also be carried around and dropped in certain locations to lure dinosaurs to Vaughn's human enemies and attack them. Puzzles would play a major role in the game. Stealth was also a significant part of gameplay, as Vaughn could complete objectives easier by avoiding detection from guards and spotlights while inside enemy encampments. Vaughn could also use computer terminals located throughout the game to access security cameras for a better view of the area and nearby enemies.The game would have featured 12 large levels, located in swamps, dense forests, huge caves and networks of tunnels, military outposts, a marina, a terrorist camp, jungles, a hatchery, and a large aviary used to house Pteranodon. The game's dark cave level would involve Vaughn using a mining helmet equipped with lighting to find his way through. Players could proceed through the levels in any order, and a tram would have been used to transport Vaughn from one location to another. A driving mode was also planned, in which Vaughn could commandeer vehicles located throughout the island. In a canyon cliff level, Vaughn would be able to take control of an all-terrain vehicle as part of an ensuing chase through a dense jungle. In another instance, Vaughn would drive a Jeep being chased by a Tyrannosaurus.


== Plot ==
According to IGN, the game's story would have involved a secret third island – after Isla Nublar and Isla Sorna – where wild dinosaurs roam while others are contained in security areas. The U.S. Government, concerned about dinosaur overpopulation, sends a security team to the island to aid scientists who are studying the animals' behavior. David Vaughn, the main character, is among the security team. A "shadow organization", interested in dinosaur DNA, locates a government insider on the security team and launches an attack, taking full control of the island. Vaughn goes on to explore the island and rescue scientists and other security members.According to GameSpot, David Vaughn would have been a security officer at the now-closed Jurassic Park, where his job would be to prevent dinosaurs from escaping the island and multiplying. Unknown to Vaughn, his boss and head of security on the island has made a deal with a shadow corporation to supply it with dinosaur DNA, followed by the destruction of the island to give the corporation an edge in DNA research. Vaughn's mission would be to keep the dinosaurs on the island while rescuing his security co-workers.According to PlanetPS2, the game would have been set on Isla Sorna, with Vaughn as a security design technician.


== Development ==
Konami and Universal announced the game in September 2000, under the title of Jurassic Park III, to be based on the upcoming 2001 film of the same name. Jurassic Park III was described as an action-adventure game, and was to be published by Konami for a fall 2001 release on GameCube, PlayStation 2, and Xbox. A PC version was also announced. Konami revealed that the Xbox version of the game would be titled Jurassic Park X.In October, Savage was announced to develop the game. The game's artificial intelligence (A.I.) software engineer, Joseph Nunn, began designing and programming the game's A.I. that month. Savage Entertainment's COO and co-owner, John Lefleur, served as the project's leader and as a programmer.The game was officially unveiled as Jurassic Park: Survival in May 2001, with no relation to Jurassic Park III, although the game was to include memorable scenes from each film in the Jurassic Park series. To develop the game, Savage utilized their new high-performance game engine, codenamed "Sabertooth" and also known as "Fang". The engine was developed concurrently with the game. It would have been the first Sabertooth-developed PlayStation 2 video game to be released. Swingin' Ape Studios worked with Savage to help create levels and other aspects of the game, including its ATV level. Michael Kirkbride, the game's senior designer and artist, designed game objects, puzzles, and levels for the game. Felix Kupis, another senior designer, worked on the levels' layouts using 3DS Max.Art director Rob Stahl developed the visual design of the game's levels, buildings, vehicles, and weapons based on what was featured in the series' first two films, Jurassic Park and The Lost World: Jurassic Park, as the third film was still in production and could not provide visual reference. Stahl also co-created gameplay scenarios and worked with the engineering team to develop Savage's game engine. Stahl said Jurassic Park: Survival was "one of the more challenging" projects he had worked on: "In a lot of ways it was the worst because I was taking design ques from the other two films as far as some of the props, locations, and stuff but this was supposed to be an official game that ties or is in conjunction with Jurassic Park III so I really had to have something [from that film] to base my stuff on. But we just kind of had to wing it to a certain point. But I think that at a point we would have had to have gone back and fix a lot of stuff".Stahl also said "every couple months we'd be told that they accepted how we had designed things and it was okay, because it was going to be a game inspired by the movie. But they were sort of deciding where that line was. At a certain point I think they just wanted us to build stuff, and they thought it would all match up and then when it became an issue they sort of accepted the fact that the game was going to be an 'inspired by', then I think they tried to put other stuff and other scenarios in that weren't going to be in the film. It just sort of became sort of smushed together, and ended up losing momentum". Stahl said another challenge was creating the illusion that the game's levels were larger than they actually were.Each dinosaur's mesh data was based on models created by Stan Winston, followed by high resolution photographs being taken of the models to help create the game's dinosaur graphics. Each of the game's dinosaur models used a maximum of 1,500 polygons, a low number for the PlayStation 2. This allowed the game more polycounts for its large levels. During the final months of development, one of the last levels designed for the game was its aviary location, which was based on a scene in the film. The game utilized motion capture technology, which was overseen by Giant Studios. The game also utilized cinematic scenes, which were created by Tigar Hare Studios.The game was to use the same dinosaur sounds from Jurassic Park III, and Universal was also in the process of negotiating the use of the film's musical score in the game.


== Planned release, promotion, and cancellation ==
The PlayStation 2 and Xbox versions were scheduled for release on November 14, 2001.The first screenshots from the game were released in May 2001, followed by a trailer unveiled at the Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3). In June, Universal announced they had partnered with advertising agency Kovel-Fuller to create a multimillion-dollar advertising campaign for the game, consisting of national television and printed ads. The game's trailer was released on the Jurassic Park III soundtrack CD. Universal also considered in-theater promotion, and planned to include the game's trailer on VHS and DVD copies of the third film. New screenshots for the game were released throughout July 2001, and the game was expected to be showcased at a Universal gaming event in early August.At the end of July, Savage announced that they were no longer working on the game. Universal had been dissatisfied with the game's progress, including its poor animations. By September, the game's release date was delayed to January 2002.Savage confirmed on November 5 they were no longer working on the game due to conflicts of Vivendi-Universal not providing funding to Savage. A spokesperson for Savage later said: "We were looking forward to finishing [Survival] up and getting it on the market [...]. Unfortunately, we can't finish it without funding to pay our people and Universal wasn't providing that". On November 19, a Universal spokesperson reportedly told a Jurassic Park fansite that progress on the game would continue with a different developer, with an expected release sometime in 2002. According to Universal: "We simply weren't happy with the progress of the game and we felt that it deserved more time with a new developer". The website was later asked to remove the quote, as Universal claimed it was "not an official statement".Later that month, a Savage spokesperson said a new developer would probably start from scratch on the game, and speculated that Universal had not yet found a new developer. The spokesperson also said: "Universal has crunched the development cycles of some of its titles in the past and failed to realize that carries with it a necessary compromise on quality. It would be good for them to give the team working on the title sufficient time to do the franchise justice".


== Early reception ==
Although past Jurassic Park video games had been negatively received, several critics previewed Jurassic Park: Survival and believed that it could overcome this trend. In May 2001, IGN's Douglass C. Perry viewed an early version of the game at Savage's studios and said that the team was "off to a magnificent start". Perry, who had been disappointed in the lack of entertaining dinosaur video games up to that point, believed that Universal and Savage had "laid meticulous plans to tackle the dinosaur dilemma once and for all" with Jurassic Park: Survival. Perry wrote that the "smartest thing" the companies did was to create an original storyline unrelated to Jurassic Park III to create a game "first and foremost", calling it a "big step for a movie-centric company such as Universal, but it's a bold one that should hopefully pay off".Perry was impressed by the large size of the game's dinosaurs and their "visually impressive" skin textures, although he wrote: "For the most part, the amount of detail was not quite staggering, but eye-opening to be sure". Perry concluded that while the game was still in a very early stage of development, "it shows many signs of promise. By straddling the line between free exploration and dinosaur hunting/avoidance, the game looks to provide a great need that Tomb Raider has long since left vacant. At the same time, gamers' appetite for a good dinosaur game has never been quenched. Jurassic Park Survivor [sic] looks like it could very well make its mark in this next generation, and specifically on PlayStation 2 with this hybrid concept. I'm looking forward to it".Shane Satterfield of GameSpot, who mentioned the "less than satisfying results" of previous Jurassic Park games, wrote that Universal and Savage "are hoping to buck that trend" with Jurassic Park: Survival. He further stated: "Very few movie games end up being successful, perhaps because they try to emulate an experience the player has likely already had". Satterfield wrote that because Savage was creating an original storyline for Jurassic Park: Survival, the company "seems to have the freedom to step outside the conventions of the series and concentrate on making a great game". He concluded that it "is definitely a game to watch as its release date nears".Chris Leyton of Total Video Games also mentioned the lack of well received Jurassic Park games up to that point, writing that Universal and Savage "are hoping to change that" with Jurassic Park: Survival. Leyton, who wrote that film tie-ins "have a history for being appalling", felt that the game's original storyline was a "bold" decision, "but should end up being the right one", giving Savage "the freedom to step away from the constraints and concentrate on making a good game. [...] Hopefully we'll see the first Jurassic Park game worthy of its license when it ships".Todd Mowatt of Electric Playground wrote that the previous Jurassic Park games were "anything but stellar – the words 'dinosaur dung' come to mind – so Savage and Universal have their work cut out for them. [...] I am here to tell you that there is hope. So far this game does not look like it will follow in the footsteps of the other now-extinct Jurassic Park licensed videogames".Ben Turner of PlanetPS2.com said that if Savage could achieve its ambitious graphical goal, then Jurassic Park: Survival "will easily be one of the best-looking games yet seen on the PlayStation 2". Turner, who mentioned the poor quality of most film-based video games, said he was pleasantly surprised by Jurassic Park: Survival and that, "it's shaping up to be a downright excellent game". PSXNetwork, which noted similarities to Dino Crisis and Tomb Raider, wrote that Jurassic Park: Survival "looks like a nice catch for anyone who is a fan of those games", saying that "even without the license, this game could stand alone as a very good game. It has a fresh plot and the graphics and game play to drive it".


== References ==


== External links ==
Jurassic Park: Survival preview (July 24, 2001)
Concept art/image gallery at The Next Level video gaming website
Rob Stahl concept art gallery
Additional concept art and images at GameSpot.com
Van Syckel (also spelled Van Syckle) is an unincorporated community located within Union Township in Hunterdon County, New Jersey. The Van Syckel Corner District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.


== History ==
Van Syckel's Tavern, then known as Reynolds Tavern, was built in 1763 by David Reynolds at the intersection of Van Syckels Corner and Norton Roads. It was constructed with stone in Georgian architecture style. Reynolds was later convicted and executed by hanging in Morristown for counterfeiting money on September 17, 1773. In 1795, the tavern was bought by Aaron Van Syckel. The farmhouse of J. Van Syckel next to the tavern was built in 1829 with Greek Revival style.


== Historic district ==
The Van Syckel Corner District is a historic district encompassing the village and extending north to Norton along the border of Union Township with Bethlehem Township. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 8, 1979 for its significance in agriculture, architecture, and commerce. The district includes 18 contributing buildings. The Norton Methodist Episcopal Church was built in 1828, rebuilt in 1855, and renovated in 1881 and 1908.


== Gallery ==

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		


== See also ==
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hunterdon County, New Jersey
List of the oldest buildings in New Jersey


== References ==


== External links ==
"Van Syckel's Tavern". The Historical Marker Database.
 Media related to Van Syckel, New Jersey at Wikimedia Commons
Kisseman is a town in the Accra Metropolitan district, a district of the Greater Accra Region of Ghana.


== References ==
André Lancelot (21 July 1900 – 7 February 1992) was a French rower. He competed in the men's eight event at the 1924 Summer Olympics.


== References ==


== External links ==
André Lancelot at World Rowing
André Lancelot at Olympedia
Lieutenant Colonel (Dr) Ray Steadman-Allen (18 September 1922 – 15 December 2014) was a British composer of choral and brass band music for the Salvation Army and for band competition.He was born in the Salvation Army 'Mother's Hospital', Clapton, while his Salvation Army Officer parents were living in the Horfield area of Bristol. When they were appointed to London in 1937, he obtained a job at International Headquarters as office boy to General Evangeline Booth, daughter of The Salvation Army's founder.
In 1942 he enlisted in the Royal Navy. He was examined for a music diploma by Sir Granville Bantock who invited him to apply for a job in music after the war. In the event, Bantock died, and Ray Steadman-Allen joined the Music Editorial Department of The Salvation Army. Following a short post-war period as a trombonist with The International Staff Band, he developed his conducting skills and became Bandmaster of the Tottenham Citadel Band.
He became a Salvation Army officer in 1949, in the Harrow Corps., and in 1951 he married Joyce Foster, who had become a Salvation Army officer from the Hastings Citadel in 1949.
Much of his music was ahead of its time, to the point that it was sometimes considered unacceptable to the listener. Lord of the Sea created a furore. His creativity was given totally to God and was instrumental in guiding Salvation Army music into uncharted territory, particularly when the International Music Editorial Department was under his leadership between 1967 and 1980.
Ray Steadman-Allen regularly took part as Bandmaster in the popular radio programme Sounding Brass which was presented by Gloria Hunniford and Owen Spencer-Thomas on Radio 2 and Radio London in the 1970s. He wrote a book called Colour and Texture in the Brass Band Score which was published by The Salvation Army. First published in 1980, this volume has been reprinted due to continued demand from composers, arrangers, and university music departments alike.
Besides well over 200 brass band works published by The Salvation Army, Ray Steadman-Allen wrote numerous choral works with a large number of compositions and arrangements in manuscript form, often completed for recordings or special concert presentations.
As well as completing his Doctorate in Music, Ray Steadman-Allen held several honorary fellowships, was the President of the National College of Music, Vice President of the National Association of Brass Band Conductors
 and patron of the London Musicological Research Society.
Steadman-Allen also encouraged new compositional talent, particularly brass band composers.
In his later years, Ray Steadman-Allen became affectionately known as 'RSA'.
In 2003, the Royal School of Church Music awarded him its ARSCM (Associate of the RSCM). In 2005, The Salvation Army admitted RSA to its highest honour, the Order of the Founder.In 2012, a suite of articles about his life and works was published by Shield Books under the title of 'History, Harmony and Humanity'.
Ray Steadman-Allen died on 15 December 2014 at the age of 92.


== References ==


== External links ==
Steadman-Allen on SAWiki.net
Olsynium biflorum is a species of plant from the family Iridaceae. It is native to Argentina and Chile (Magallanes Region).


== References ==
Molhem Barakat (8 March 1995 in Aleppo – 20 December 2013 in Aleppo) was a Syrian photojournalist who covered the Syrian Civil War for Reuters. He was killed in 2013 during the Battle of Aleppo.


== Career ==
Barakat began working as a photojournalist for the Reuters news agency in May 2013. His age in December of that year is quoted as 17 or 18, possibly making him a minor at the time.


== Death ==
Barakat was killed on 20 December 2013 during the battle to control the al-Kindi Hospital in Aleppo, alongside his brother, a Syrian rebel. Reuters was widely criticized for sending an "inexperienced teenager" into a war zone. A photograph of Barakat's bloodstained camera was distributed by the Aleppo Media Center.


== References ==
Mathias Weishaupt (13 May 1899 – 14 February 1975) was a Luxembourgian gymnast. He competed in nine events at the 1924 Summer Olympics.


== References ==


== External links ==
Mathias Weishaupt at Olympedia
The Miss Nicaragua or (Miss Universe Nicaragua) is an Nicaraguan beauty pageant that has been held annually since 1955 to select the entrant from Nicaragua in the Miss Universe and since 2023 to select the entrant to Miss Charm pageant. 
The current Miss Nicaragua is Sheynnis Palacios of Diriamba, who was crowned on August 5, 2023, at the Crowne Plaza Convention Center in Managua. She was also crowned as Miss Universe on November 18, 2023 at the José Adolfo Pineda National Gymnasium at San Salvador, El Salvador. This is Nicaragua’s first victory in the 72 year history of the pageant.


== Participants ==
Participants for the Miss Nicaragua contest must be at least 18.  After participants are chosen, between 8 and 17 candidates are elected and represent a city or department. The majority of Miss Nicaragua winners has been from Managua.
Since 2023, the Miss Nicaragua pageant allowed women married and mothers to join in the competition.
As well the transgender women are allow to compete however since there is not any government mandate about legalisation the candidates are not allowed to join the national pageant.


== Titleholders ==


== Big Four pageants representatives ==
The following women have represented Nicaragua in the Big Four international beauty pageants.


=== Miss Nicaragua Universo ===
Color key
The winner of Miss Nicaragua represents her country at Miss Universe. On occasion, when the winner does not qualify (due to age) for either contest, a runner-up is sent.


=== Miss Nicaragua Charm ===
Color key
The winner of Miss Charm Nicaragua represents her country at Miss Charm. On occasion, when the winner does not qualify (due to age) for either contest, a runner-up is sent.


== Gallery of Winners ==

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		


=== Regional rankings ===


=== Notes ===


==== Contestants ====
The runners-up and semi-finalists of the Miss Nicaragua pageant are sometimes sent to represent Nicaragua in other international beauty pageants. Winners include Sharon Amador, the first finalist in Miss Nicaragua 2006. Sharon won the Miss Ambar Mundial pageant in 2006. 
In 2010, the franchise for Miss Earth Nicaragua was awarded to Nuestra Belleza Nicaragua. In 2023, Katherine Burgos Reyes, the first runner-up of Miss Nicaragua 2022 was appointed to compete at Miss Supranational 2023.


==== Dethroned ====
Miss Nicaragua 2013, Nastassja Bolívar was dethroned after competing at the Miss Universe 2013 in Moscow, Russia.


== See also ==
Miss Mundo Nicaragua
Miss Supranational Nicaragua


== References ==


== External links ==
Miss Nicaragua Official site
The Rose Theatre Kingston is a theatre on Kingston High Street in the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames in London, England. The theatre seats 822 around a wide, thrust stage.It officially opened on 16 January 2008 with Uncle Vanya by Anton Chekhov, with Sir Peter Hall directing. Hall had also directed an "in the raw" production of As You Like It within the shell of the uncompleted building in December 2004.


== Design ==
The theatre's layout is based on that of the Rose Theatre in London, an Elizabethan theatre that staged the plays of Christopher Marlowe and early plays by Shakespeare. It features a shallow thrust stage. Unlike the original Rose, it makes the Elizabethan design more comfortable by adding a roof and modern seats, rather like the Swan Theatre in Stratford-upon-Avon. The auditorium has since been refurbished to include stall seating in the pit area - reaching a total number of 822 seats.


== History ==
The Rose was a project supported by Peter Hall and broadcaster David Jacobs CBE, who served as chairman of the Kingston Theatre Trust.
The construction was undertaken with £5m (of the £11m construction cost) support from the local council, involvement from Kingston University, Peter Hall, and the Friends of Kingston Theatre. The shell of the building was provided to the Trust for free by St George plc as one of the concessions for the construction of Charter Quay, a development on the bank of the Thames.
In January 2008, a week after the theatre opened, Hall resigned and it was announced that from April 2008,  Stephen Unwin, departing director of English Touring Theatre would take over the role of Artistic Director, while Hall would remain as director emeritus.On 25 November 2010 the Rose won an award for Commitment to the Community at the Kingston Business Awards. The same week, Sir Peter Hall won the Moscow Art Theatre Golden Seagull award for his contribution to World Theatre at the Evening Standard Awards.The Rose is supported by the Royal Borough of Kingston and Kingston University. However, it receives no funding from Arts Council England.


== Rose Theatre productions ==
The Rose has staged an increasing number of home-grown productions. Some highlights include Love's Labour's Lost, directed by Sir Peter Hall; A Christmas Carol; Terence Rattigan’s The Winslow Boy with Timothy West; Sir Peter Hall’s revival of Alan Ayckbourn’s Bedroom Farce with Jane Asher and Nicholas Le Prevost (which later transferred to the West End) in repertoire with Miss Julie; Treasure Island; Judi Dench in Sir Peter Hall’s production of A Midsummer Night’s Dream; Dumb Show by Joe Penhall; Noël Coward’s Hay Fever with Celia Imrie; Three Musketeers; As You Like It; Jane Asher returned for Oscar Wilde's The Importance of Being Earnest performed in rep with the premiere of Harley Granville-Barker's Farewell to the Theatre; The Snow Queen; Joely Richardson in The Lady from the Sea; Alison Steadman in Michael Frayn's Here; and The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe.


=== 2018 ===
Curtains
Much Ado About Nothing, starring Mel Giedroyc as Beatrice and John Hopkins as Benedick
Hogarth's Progress, starring Keith Allen and Bryan Dick
Don Carlos, starring Tom Burke as The Marquis of Posa
Hansel & Gretel


=== 2019 ===
Zog
Stones in his Pockets
The Cat in the Hat
Captain Corelli's Mandolin
Valued Friends
The Snow Queen


== Graduation ceremonies ==
Kingston University has held its graduation ceremonies at the Rose Theatre since 2010 (students completing their degree in 2009); they were, for many years, previously held at the Royal Albert Hall and in 2009 at the Royal Festival Hall.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
You're Killing Me is a 2023 American horror thriller film directed by Beth Hanna and Jerren Lauder and written by Walker Hare and Brad Martocello. The film stars McKaley Miller, Anne Heche, and Dermot Mulroney. Produced by Iris Indie International, it was released by Quiver Distribution on April 7, 2023.


== Plot ==
Eden Murphy is a bright, young high school student hoping to get into Pembroke University on a scholarship. She's currently on the waitlist but just needs that extra push to secure her place and sees Barrett Schroder, the son of a congressman, the perfect way in. One day after school she asks him politely if she could get a meeting with his father, but he brushes her off.
Desperate to get into Pembroke, she takes her friend Zara with her to Barrett's Heaven and Hell party at his mansion and hopes to convince him to support her scholarship further. Her father, who struggles to walk and needs back surgery, drops them off outside of the house. As they enter, Barrett's friend Kendra confiscates their phones for privacy reasons and they continue into the party.
Zara distracts Barrett's friend Gooch while Eden makes contact with Barrett, hoping to bond with him over beer pong. Suddenly, the sister of missing student Melissa arrives demanding to know where her sister is and causes a commotion. Eden takes her home using Barrett's car and as she returns to the party, he invites her into a private room. She tells Barrett the pitch she hopes to make to his father and he is impressed and invites her to a beer pong match. First, Eden has to take care of a drunk Zara and takes her to bed in one of the rooms.
After winning the beer pong match, Eden goes to check on Zara and finds Gooch in bed with her while she is asleep, she pushes him out of the room and sees his phone on the bed. Eden takes a look at his phone and sees selfies he has taken with Zara while passed out. As she scrolls she finds videos of Barrett, Kendra and Gooch harassing Melissa as she left for school on the day she disappeared. The videos depict them trying to get her drunk but it cuts off when the battery goes low.
Gooch, in a panic, goes straight to Barrett and Kendra and they try to get inside the room but Eden holds them off. They become more aggressive and Eden tells them she has seen the video and won't let them in. They try to use force while Eden blocks the door using a wardrobe. Barrett forces everyone out of the party and Eden uses this opportunity to grab a phone charger from the other room but is prevented so just in-time by Barrett.
Zara awakes, confused and sleepy and heads to the bathroom where Gooch is tapping on the window. She lets him in, unaware of the situation and he threatens Eden to give him the phone. The girls manage to overpower him and trap him in a bath of water in the en-suite. Barrett takes an axe and breaks into the bedroom with Kendra but Eden and Zara have locked themselves in the bathroom and threaten to electrocute Gooch using a hairdryer. Meanwhile, Eden's father is at the gas station and has noticed partygoers leaving, telling him that it's over.
Eden tells Zara to go out of the bathroom window and get help but as she tries, Kendra grabs onto her hand from the other side of the window. In shock, Zara knocks her and Kendra drops off the ladder and impales herself on a blade on the ground below. Eden makes her way outside and tries to get help using Kendra's phone but is chased by Barrett and runs back into the bathroom. Barrett finds Kendra's body and drags it inside, assuring her that it will be okay.
Eden explains the whole situation to Zara but she thinks they should return the phone and go home. Suddenly, Eden's father walks into the house searching for her. He manages to get to the bedroom but is knocked to the ground by Barrett. He threatens to kill him unless Eden gives up the phone. Zara throws the phone towards him when Barrett's parents walk in, demanding to know what's going on.
Congressman Schroder and his wife Astrid gathers everyone in the office to discuss the situation. They use bribery to try and keep Eden, her father and Zara quiet about the events seen on the phone but Eden wants to see the rest of the footage before deciding. Meanwhile, Kendra has died from her injuries and Barrett is devastated. Astrid gives them a drink before showing them the footage. The rest of the video shows Barrett, angry at Melissa trying to leave, running her over in his car. The three of them take her body and throw it over the bridge.
Eden is horrified by the footage and vows to take the phone to the police. Together with her father and Zara, they attempt to leave but feel dizzy and fall unconscious, indicating that Astrid had spiked their drink. Eden awakes in a car with her father, Zara and the bodies of Kendra and Gooch (who had just been killed by Barrett to hide their secret) and is pushed into the lake by the Schroder's. Eden manages to escape with Zara but mourns the death of her father.
She vows revenge and heads straight back to the Schroder mansion. As Congressman Schroder is watching the car-recovery on the news, he realises two bodies are unaccounted for when Eden sneaks up behind him and kills him with an axe. Upstairs, Astrid is clearing up the mess from the bathroom when she is attacked by Eden. Astrid quickly dodges it and the two get into a fight. Eden pushes her into the bath of water followed by the hairdryer which electrocutes Astrid to death.
Barrett comes home to find his parents dead and arms himself with a shotgun. He goes outside to see Eden in his car and she instantly runs him over. She gets out of the car to face him and picks up the shotgun but can't bring herself to kill him and falls to the floor crying and bleeding out from her fight with Astrid. Barrett, severely injured, gets up and prepares to attack Eden but is hit in the back of the head by Zara, who has picked up the shotgun.
Barrett lays on the floor bleeding out as the two girls reflect on the violence of the night, with the sound of sirens fast approaching.


== Cast ==
McKaley Miller as Eden Murphy
Anne Heche as Astrid Schroder
Dermot Mulroney as Congressman Schroder
Brice Anthony Heller as Barrett Schroder
Keyara Milliner as Zara
Morgana Van Peebles as Kendra
Wil Deusner as Gooch
Jayson Warner Smith as Joel Murphy


== Production ==
The film was announced by Deadline Hollywood in 2022, that Anne Heche, Dermot Mulroney, and McKaley Miller were set to star in the film which was formerly titled "Full Ride" directed by Jerren Lauder and Beth Hanna distributed by Quiver Distribution with filming wrapping in Georgia. Heche died from a car accident in August 2022, while the film was in post-production.


== Release ==
The film was released in select theaters and on video on demand on April 7, 2023.


== Critical reception ==
Reviews have been positive. The review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported an approval rating of 86%. Film Nation's Roger Moore calls it "a tight formulaic thriller with snatches of suspense, struggling through panic problem-solving, a somewhat high body count and a final iconic and seriously badass image of the late Anne Heche."


== References ==

https://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/youre_killing_me_2023


== External links ==
You're Killing Me at IMDb
Ewingar is a locality located in the Northern Rivers Region of New South Wales.


== Population ==
In the 2016 Census, there were 67 people in Ewingar (State Suburb(SSC)). 66.2% of people were Male and 33.8% of people were Female. The median age was 58 years.


== References ==
Font embedding is the inclusion of font files inside an electronic document. Font embedding is controversial because it allows licensed fonts to be freely distributed.


== History ==
Font embedding has been possible with Portable Document Format (PDF), Microsoft Word for Windows and some other applications for many years. LibreOffice supports font embedding since version 4.1 in its Writer, Calc and Impress applications.


== In word processors ==
Microsoft Word for Windows has permitted font embedding in some document formats since Word 97 (such as .doc or .rtf). But this feature does not work correctly in some Word versions.LibreOffice supports font embedding since version 4.1. This feature is available for the word processor LibreOffice Writer, the spreadsheet application LibreOffice Calc, and the presentation application LibreOffice Impress.Both OpenOffice.org and LibreOffice support font embedding in the PDF export feature.Font embedding in word processors is not widely supported nor interoperable. For example, if an RTF file with embedded fonts is opened in other word processor than MS Word, it will usually remove embedded fonts.


== On the Web ==

Browsers Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, Opera and Google Chrome support automatic downloading of fonts used on a website using CSS2 or CSS3.


== Controversy ==
Font embedding is a controversial practice because it allows copyrighted fonts to be freely distributed. The controversy can be mitigated by only embedding the characters required to view the document (subsetting). This reduces file size but prohibits adding previously unused characters to the document.
Because of the potential for copyright infringement, Microsoft Internet Explorer only permits embedded fonts that include digital rights management (DRM) protections. The Acid3 test requires font embedding with minimal DRM protections.


== See also ==
ODTTF as used in Microsoft's XML Paper Specification


== References ==
Jane Elizabeth Leslie, 12th Countess of Rothes (5 May 1750 – 1810) was a Scottish noblewoman.
She was the daughter of John Leslie, 10th Earl of Rothes and his first wife Hannah  Howard, daughter of Matthew Howard of Thorp, Norfolk, and his wife Britannia Cole. She succeeded her brother, John Leslie, 11th Earl of Rothes, in 1773 in the peerage and estates of Rothes, and effectually vindicated her right to the estates against the claim of her uncle Andrew Leslie, both in the Court of Session and the House of Lords.
She was twice married, first in 1766, to George Raymond Evelyn, youngest son of William Evelyn Glanville of St Clere, Kent, and secondly, in 1772, to Sir Lucas Pepys, 1st Baronet, an eminent physician and uncle of the first Earl of Cottenham. By both marriages she had issue, and dying in 1810, was succeeded by the only surviving son of her first marriage, George William, 13th Earl of Rothes.


== References ==
 This article incorporates text from this source, which is in the public domain: W. Fraser's "Memorials of the Earls of Haddington" (1889)


== Bibliography ==
Fraser, Sir William (1889). Memorials of the Earls of Haddington. Vol. 1 (Public domain ed.). Edinburgh.{{cite book}}:  CS1 maint: location missing publisher (link)
This is a list of organizations involved in the United States abortion-rights movement (also called the pro-choice movement). The movement consists of a variety of organizations, with no single centralized decision-making body.


== National organizations ==


=== Abortion providers ===
Planned Parenthood, the largest provider of reproductive health services in the US, including abortions


=== Political organizations ===
Democratic Party, one of America's two major political parties, supports liberal policies, including abortion access.
EMILY's List, a political action committee (PAC) that aims to help elect Democratic female candidates in favor of abortion rights to office
Freedom Socialist Party, a socialist feminist party and defender of free elective abortion care, no forced sterilization, gender-affirming health care and bodily autonomy for all.
Libertarian Party, America’s 3rd Largest Party that promotes civil liberties and limited government, which includes opposition to government prohibition on Abortion.
Green Party of the United States, promotes green politics, including support for elective abortion care and contraception.
Peace and Freedom Party, a left-wing party supportive of environmentalism, aboriginal rights, rights to sexuality, government-funded health care, a woman's right to an abortion, public education, subsidized housing, and a socialist-run economy.
Radical Women a fighting organization for women's freedom, leadership of the most oppressed, an end to transphobia and racism, and a socialist feminist future.
Republicans for Choice, a PAC consisting of Republican Party members who support abortion rights
The Wish List, a PAC aiming to elect Republican female candidates in favor of abortion rights to office
Democratic Socialists of America, promotes socialist politics by advocating for various social justice issues.
Party for Socialism and Liberation, a communist party working in the United States to liberate working-class individuals.
Socialist Alternative, promotes a multi-gender, multi-race working class party focusing on economic issues affecting the working-class, social issues, political issues.


=== Professional associations ===
American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, a professional association of physicians specializing in obstetrics and gynecology
Feminist Abortion Network, a national consortium of independent, feminist, not-for-profit abortion care providers
National Abortion Federation, a professional association of abortion providers
National Coalition of Abortion Providers, a defunct trade association representing independent abortion providers


=== Religious organizations ===
Catholics for Choice, a pro-choice Catholic advocacy group
Clergy Consultation Service on Abortion, a defunct interfaith group of clergy that counseled and referred people for safe abortions before Roe v. Wade
Joy of Satan Ministries, a polytheistic religion which believes Lillith to be a goddess of women's rights and decisions
Methodist Federation for Social Action, a network of United Methodist Church clergy and laity working on social justice issues
Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice, an interfaith abortion rights organization founded in 1973 after Roe v. Wade
United Methodist Women, the only official organization for women within the United Methodist Church
The Satanic Temple, a non theistic religion campaigning for reproductive rights


=== Other organizations ===
African-American Women for Reproductive Freedom, a group developed as a way for African American women to show support for Roe v. Wade
American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU)
Ayn Rand Institute, a think tank that supports a woman's right to choose abortion
Center for Reproductive Rights, a global legal advocacy organization that seeks to advance reproductive rights
Guttmacher Institute, a research organization on sexual and reproductive health and rights
I'm Not Sorry.net, a defunct website that collected stories concerning women's positive abortion experiences
Ipas, an international, non-governmental organization that has the goal of increasing access to safe abortions and contraception
Legal Alliance for Reproductive Rights, a coalition of United States law firms offering free legal services to people seeking and providing abortions
NARAL Pro-Choice America, a 501(c)(4) organization that engages in lobbying, political action, and advocacy efforts to oppose restrictions on abortion and expand access to abortion
National Mobilization for Reproductive Justice, a coalition of grassroots organizations and unions dedicated to building a coordinated mass defense of full reproductive justice on a platform of intersectional demands. 
National Network of Abortion Funds, a national organization dedicated to increasing access to abortion for low-income people across the U.S.
National Organization for Women, feminist organization founded in 1966 which supports abortion rights
National Partnership for Women & Families, a nonprofit organization working on public policies, education and outreach that focuses on women and families
National Health Law Program, a nonprofit organization working to protect and expand equitable access to health care for low-income and underserved communities
Rewire News Group, a daily news publication focused on reproductive and sexual health
Rise Up 4 Abortion Rights, a for-profit activist coalition that leads demonstrations to bring awareness after the overturning of Roe v. Wade
Rock for Choice, a series of benefit concerts to allow musicians to support abortion-rights movements in the US and Canada
SisterSong, a national activist organization dedicated to reproductive justice for women of color
URGE: Unite for Reproductive & Gender Equity, a reproductive rights and justice non-profit organization (formerly named Choice USA)
Women's Health Action and Mobilization, a defunct organization founded to protest the decision in Webster v. Reproductive Health Services


== State and local organizations ==
Chicago Abortion Fund, providing medical referrals and funds to low-income women in need of safe abortion services
Feminist Women's Health Center, based in Atlanta, Georgia
Jane Collective, an underground abortion provider based in Chicago
Maine Women's Lobby, dedicated to legislative action on behalf of women and girls in Maine
West Coast offensive, a coalition of California, Oregon, and Washington to expand abortion access and refuse to extradite individuals to other states who receive or aide in abortion services.


== See also ==
List of anti-abortion organizations in the United States


== References ==
Irina Kolesnikova (Russian: Ирина Владимировна Коле́сникова; born 1980) is a Russian ballet dancer. She is the prima ballerina of the St Petersburg Ballet Theatre.


== Biography ==
She graduated from the Vaganova Ballet Academy in 1998, class of Elvira Korkorina, and after being rejected by the Kirov and Mikhailovsky Theatre, she joined the St Petersburg Ballet Theatre (SPBT), where she was taught by Svetlana Efremova. With this corps, she has toured internationally, playing mostly Odette/Odile in Swan Lake. Other roles in her repertoire include the title role and Myrtha in Giselle, Clara in The Nutcracker, Maria in St Petersburg's Nutcracker, Princess Aurora and Fairy Claire Bonté in The Sleeping Beauty, Kitri and Queen of Dryads in Don Quixote, Nikiya and Princess Gamzatti in La Bayadere, Juliet in Romeo and Juliet, Carmen in Her Name Was Carmen, Paquita, Chopiniana and others.
On December 26, 2002 Kolesnikova made her London debut in Royal Albert Hall in St. Petersburg Ballet Theatre's Swan Lake. Dance critic Allen Robertson of The Times said:

Irina Kolesnikova, star of St Petersburg Ballet Theatre's touring production of Swan Lake, has made a decision which throws the entire story into high relief. She portrays both Odette, the princess who is magicked into a swan, and Odile, her wicked impersonator, as if they really are birds...Kolesnikova's imperiousness has a ruthless, vicious nature. She's mesmerizing poor Siegfried rather than flirting with him. The result is as exciting and audacious as it is theatrically credible, even in a venue as large as the Albert Hall...Opulent and grand, Kolesnikova is a ballerina of prodigious technical strengths. Her dancing is writ large but never over-emphatic. Everything she does comes from deep inside her.In 2002, Irina Kolesnikova participated in international ballet competitions where she became a laureate of the following awards:
Natalia Makarova Prize and the Silver Medal at Arabesque 2002 in Russia
Silver Medal at the world-renowned International Ballet Competition in Varna
Gold Medal at the International Ballet Competition in PragueIn 2004 in St Petersburg there has been published the book of photographs "Irina Kolesnikova". It was dedicated to 10th anniversary of the St Petersburg Ballet Theatre and with introduction article entitled "Irina Kolesnikova my love" written by the Russian-American ballet critic and photographer Nina Alovert.
In 2004 Kolesnikova was nominated for Prix Benois de la Danse for her performing role Kitri in Don Quixote.In 2005 Kolesnikova was nominated in London for a National Dance Awards as Best Female Dancer by the UK critics’ circle for her performing the role of Odette-Odile in Swan Lake.
In 2005, Kolesnikova took place in V Japan International Ballet Competition in Nagoya where she won the Silver Medal. The Chief of Jury of this competition was a great Russian ballerina Maya Plisetskaya.In 2006 St Petersburg Ballet Theatre (SPBT) released the first DVD with Irina Kolesnikova. Live performance of Swan Lake was filmed at the State Theatre in Pretoria on 2 April 2006 during the first ever St Petersburg Ballet Theatre tour in South Africa.
In 2007 St Petersburg Ballet Theatre (SPBT) released the DVD Giselle with Irina Kolesnikova. Live ballet was filmed at the State Theatre in Pretoria on 16 March 2007 during the returning visit of St Petersburg Ballet Theatre to South Africa.
In September 2007 she danced Sheherezade for the first time at the Gala des Etoiles du XXIe Siecle in Paris, partnered by Dmitri Semionov. Her coaches include Honoured Artists of Russia Alla Osipenko and Lubov Kunakova.
In June 2008 Irina made her West-End debut in London at Apollo Theatre. As a guest star she was dancing the role of Hollywood legend Judy Garland in the contemporary production of choreographer Peter Schaufuss "DIVAS" from 19 June to 5 July.
Debra Craine, the lead critic of The Times, in the review  published on 27 June 2008 said:
"...Irina Kolesnikova may present a statuesque and very Russian Garland, but she exudes the kind of grand personality (and sumptuous technique) that sweeps all before it. Charming and charismatic, she’s the one true diva…" 
On 17 May 2009 Irina made her debut on the stage of the London Coliseum. She was dancing the role of Nikiya in St Petersburg Ballet Theatre’s La Bayadere.
On 6 February 2012, a dinner in honour of the Prima Ballerina, Kolesnikova, took place at the Russian Federation Ambassador’s residence, France with the presence of Alexander Orlov, Ambassador of the Russian Federation to France. The visit was recorded by the State Russian Television and broadcast on Russian television on 13 February 2012.The previous night saw the end of the St Petersburg Ballet Theatre’s Paris season where, overall, the season included 15 sold out shows which were played to 48 thousand visitors.
In 2020, Kolesnikova made her United States debut, performing at Howard Gilman Opera House BAM, New York City and National Theatre, Washington DC.


== Royal Albert Hall, London ==
From 2002 to 2007 Kolesnikova was annually performing in Royal Albert Hall. During this time, the St Petersburg Ballet Theatre presented Kolesnikova in "Swan Lake" – 2002, 2005, 2007 and "The Nutcracker" – 2003, 2004, 2006. 

Performance on 21 Nov 2005 was special for Kolesnikova, because for a very first time her name as a ballerina dancing the role of Odette-Odile was announced to a public a few months in advance. Three hours prior to this performance she gave an interview to BBC London TV News In the report broadcast in London same evening BBC called Kolesnikova "the main attraction and box office draw".
On 24 November 2005, The Times published the review where its critic Donald Hutera said:
"Trained at the Vaganova Academy, the 25-year-old is a real artist whose gifts include expressive arms, a pliant torso and a meltingly slow, expansive yet detailed style that draws us right to her. Recently nominated for a National Dance Award as best female dancer by the UK critics, Kolesnikova is a dream of an Odette...
In the fourth act Kolesnikova, wrapped in tragic melancholia, surrendered to the faintly ridiculous happy ending left over from the Soviet era. Despite the wet finish, the evening was a triumph for her..."

On 24 November 2005, the critic Laura Thompson in review published in The Daily Telegraph said:
"...But St Petersburg Ballet Theatre has an absolute belief in itself, and in ballet. It also has an ace up its sleeve in Irina Kolesnikova, its Odette-Odile, who has a statuesque allure and firm technique. Her deliberate playing to strengths (she favours, for example, a baroque curving attitude in which her back meets her lifted leg) is too knowing. But, if she is an old-fashioned star, a star she undoubtedly is."
On 26 November 2005, national The Observer also published the review, where its critic Jann Parry said:
"Of the many troupes which tour the United Kingdom at this time of year, the St Petersburg Ballet Theatre is one of the best. The leading dancer, Irina Kolesnikova, is a grandly glamorous ballerina. She gives a soulful account of Odette/Odile in a production based on the Kirov's. Her interpretation is so steeped in tragedy that the happy ending, a Soviet-era aberration, seems more incongruous than ever."


== Paris Theater des Champs-Elysees ==
In 2018, Kolesnikova celebrated the 10th anniversary of her annual Parisian seasons, which regularly take place on the legendary Theater des Champs-Elysees stage. During this time, in addition to with world's favourite Swan Lake the other masterpieces of world choreography were presented to the Parisian public, such as:
Don Quixote (2009, 2016)
Giselle (2009, 2017)
La Bayadere (2009, 2015)
The Nutcracker (2011)
Sleeping Beauty (2011)
St Petersburg’s Nutcracker (2013, 2016)
Romeo and Juliet (2015)
Chopiniana and Paquita (2018)During Kolesnikova's seasons in Paris, Journal du Dimanche published a review "Triumph of the White Swan after the Black" by famous Parisian critic Nicole Duault, who named Kolesnikova "a diva of dance, with whom very few stars can compare". The Parisian Journal, Danse (№260, April 2011), summed up the many reviews that Kolesnikova received for her interpretation of the role of Odette/Odile, when its dance journalist, Margarita Medina, wrote:
"Thanks to this amazingly supple dancer, an artist from head to toe, we got to see the truly ideal Swan. Her tenderness and timidity were very touching. Her assured équilibre, her pirouettes, the span of her développés all combined with the beauty of her port de bras.
Irina united drama with virtuosity in her marvellous illustration of the double-sided nature of this role. Her Black Swan was imposing and self-assured. Her perfect pirouettes and double and triple fouettés electrified the audience of the Théâtre des Champs Elysées.
Her lack of any internal tension, freedom of movement and her expressiveness all combine to allow us to place this Saint Petersburg star, pleasant behind the scenes and brilliant on stage, at the summit of a choreographic Olympia alongside the other outstanding talents of her generation."


== "Her Name Was Carmen" ==
In 2016, Kolesnikova with the support of Oxfam visited two refugee camps in the Balkans in Tabanovce and in Presevo, located four kilometres away over the Serbian border. The stories she heard from refugees gave her conviction in need to bring attention to the refugee crisis and raise awareness of the refugees’ plight in Balkan camps. That it how the idea to create a new ballet "Her Name Was Carmen" with presenting that on the prestigious stage of the London Coliseum appeared.
Kolesnikova's visit has attracted attention by international media:

Reuters, 22 April 2016
Evening Standard, 22 April 2016
Deutsche Welle 25 April 2016
The Financial Times, 29 April 2016
The Newsweek, 29 April 2016
BBC radio Woman’s Hour, 25 August 2016
The Sunday Express, 7 August 2016
Daily Mirror, 3 September 2016During visiting camp Irina Kolesnikova was moved to tears by the present she got from a one of refugee girl at a camp."One little girl followed me around and didn't let go of my hand the entire time. When I had to leave she gave me a small plastic ring that looks like a flower. I have been wearing it ever since and will also wear it at my performance of Carmen; I won't take it off until I know that all children like her are safe" – Irina told during interview to Deutsche Welle on 25 April 2016.
Unfortunately, in two days after Kolesnikova’s visit this girl has disappeared from the camp and no one was able to tell where she was. Kolesnikova took it very personally and this story was included to libretto of "Her Name Was Carmen".

"Her Name Was Carmen" is a tragic story set in a nowadays refugee camp in Balkans. The world’s premier of this two act ballet took place at London Coliseum from 23 to 26 August 2016.Music: Georges Bizet; Choreography: Olga Kostel
Cast: Carmen – Irina Kolesnikova; Jose – Dmitry Akulinin; Garcia – Yuri Kovalev
The role of the small Syrian girl was played by Kseniya Kosova from Belarus, the pupil of Vezhnovets Ballet School. All four performances of Carmen Kolesnikova danced wearing the actual flower plastic ring gifted to her in the camp. The roles of refugees, policemen, journalists, volunteers and gangsters have been played by soloists and corps de ballet members of the St Petersburg Ballet Theatre (SPBT).
Performances was accompanied by English National Opera symphonic orchestra under button of the Russian conductor Igor Tomashevsky.
Every pound sterling collected from each ticket sold was contributed to Oxfam organization in order to support the refugees in Balkans.


== Repertoire ==
Kolesnikova's repertoire covers many of the classical and romantic ballets, including:

"Swan Lake", Odette and Odile
"Giselle", Giselle, Myrtha
"Paquita"
"La Bayadere", Nikiya, Princess Gamzatti
"The Nutcracker", Masha
"Chopiniana"
"Divas", Judy Garland (choreography by Peter Schaufuss)
"St Petersburg's Nutcracker", Maria (choreography by Elena Kuzmina)
"Don Quixote", Kitri, Queen of the Dryads
"Romeo and Juliet", Juliet
"The Sleeping Beauty", Princess Aurora, Fairy Claire Bonté
“Her Name Was Carmen”, Carmen (choreography by Olga Kostel)


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
Profile in Dance magazine, June 2006
Review of Swan Lake, Le Journal du Dimanche, 19 June 2011
Review of Swan Lake, The Stage, 24 August 2018
Irina Kolesnikova's USA debut, Pointe Magazine, 14 February 2020
Lavrenikha (Russian: Лаврениха) is a rural locality (a village) in Razdolyevskoye Rural Settlement, Kolchuginsky District, Vladimir Oblast, Russia. The population was 19 as of 2010.


== Geography ==
Lavrenikha is located 15 km southeast of Kolchugino (the district's administrative centre) by road. Vishnevy is the nearest rural locality.


== References ==
Paryaya is a religious ritual which takes place every alternate year in Sri Krishna Matha (Krishna Temple) of Udupi. The puja and administration of Krishna Matha is distributed among the Swamijis (seer or monk or pontiff) of Ashta Matha's established by Dvaita philosopher Sri Madhvacharya.  Each swamiji of every matha gets chance to perform puja to Udupi Sri Krishna by rotation for a period of two years.
During paryaya, the puja and administration of Krishna Matha is handed over from Swamiji of one of Ashta Matha to the Swamiji of another Ashta Matha. It takes place every two years in even numbered years of Gregorian calendar. On 18 January 2014, the puja and administration was handed over to Kaniyoor Mutt's Vidhyavallabhatirtha Swamiji from Sodhe Mutt's Vishwavallabhatirtha Swamiji.The paryaya takes place in the early hours of 18 January of even numbered year of Gregorian calendar at Udupi. The preparations starts from the previous year itself. The ascending Swamiji of Sarvajna peeta goes to a place called Dandathirta near Kaup south of Udupi town and takes dip at holy pond and does puja as per Madhwa traditions. The ascending Swamiji taking over pooja of Lord krishna enters Udupi city at around 3 A.M. morning.  A procession is taken from Jodukatte (Near  old Taluk office) of Udupi town, where ascending Swamiji and other Swamijis are  carried in palanquin along with cultural shows and plays. Previously, the procession started from Kinnimulki which was considered as southern most tip of Udupi town then or entry point to Udupi town from South side. The Swamiji then enters Krishna Matha accompanied by outgoing Swamiji, where the reins of Krishna Matha are handed over formally. The hand over ceremony is held at Sarvajna peetha inside Krishna Matha. At this ceremony the descending Swamiji hands over articles like the Akshaya Patra and the shrine keys to ascending Swamiji. A formal durbar takes place in the Rajangana. There are many rituals which are followed as it was seven hundred years ago. A public ceremony is held at Rajagana within the premises of the Krishna Matha for benefit of general public.


== Baale Muhurtha, Akki Muhurta, Kattige Muhurta and Batha Muhuratha ==
Before ascending throne of Sarvajna peetha, rituals are initiated one year before paryaya by the ascending Swamiji. Main among them are Baale (Banana) Muhurtha, Akki (Rice) Muhurta, Kattige (Fire wood) Muhurtha and Batha (Paddy) Muhurta.
First, Baale Muhurta is performed, one year prior to the Paryaya by the ascending Swamiji. In Baale Muhurta, banana or plantain saplings are planted  along with tulasi (Basil) to meet the needs to Krishna puja and for feeding of devotees. After that, Akki Muhurtha is performed, where rice is stored in Mudi (made from hay). Around 48 Mudis are stored on Akki Muhurtha. Kattige Muhurtha follows Akki Muhurtha. Firewood is stored in the form of ratha (Chariot/Temple car) for future use during Paryaya. The firewood stored is used for cooking prasada and feeding devotees who come to Krishna Matha during the two years of Paryaya. Batha Muhurtha is performed after Kattige Muhurtha. Batha (dried paddy) is stored for meeting future requirements within premises of Sri Krishna Matha.  All these muhurthas are done on auspicious days with offering to Chandreshwara, Ananteshwara and Sri Krishna deities. These are done for smooth running of the Paryaya. Nowadays these have become symbolic as Krishna matha ( Krishna mutt ) and other Ashta matha's ( Ashta mutt's ) have lost all their land holdings to tenants due to passage of Land reform act 1975 passed by Karnataka state legislature. The expenses to perform pooja's, run the temple, feed the devotees daily are  borne by voluntary contributions of devotees  in cash or kind. Many times loans are taken by respective matha (mutt) which is in charge of Krishna matha ( Krishna temple ) during paryaya period for meeting the expenses to run the Krishna matha  at Udupi.


== Current Paryaya ==
Shri Shri Vidyasagara Teertha Swamiji, Pontiff of Krishnapura Matha.


== Next Paryaya ==
Puthige Matha Scheduled on 18 Jan 2024


== Order of Paryaya ==
The rotation of the privilege of worshipping Lord Krishna amongst the eight mathas is fixed. The rotation starts with the Palimaru Matha and ends with the Pejavara Matha. The complete order is

Palimaru Matha
Adamaru Matha
Krishnapura Matha
Puthige Matha
Shiroor Matha
Sodhe Matha
Kaniyooru Matha
Pejawara Matha


== References ==


== External links ==
Udupi Paryaya Archived 27 January 2012 at the Wayback Machine
Udupi Shiroor Mutt Paryaya 2010
Udupi Paryaya 2010 in Times of India
See South Canara Gazetteer 1894
Report on Paryaya 
Paryaya festival
Glimpses of Paryaya
The Eight Tulu Monasteries of Udupi
2022
The Kittyhawk Avenue Bridge is located southwest of Carroll, Iowa, United States.  The 52-foot (16 m) span carries traffic on Kittyhawk Avenue over an unnamed stream.  This bridge was one of 15 similar spans that Carroll County had built in 1913.  The county board of supervisors contracted with the Standard Bridge Company of Omaha to build the Warren pony truss structures that were designed by the Iowa State Highway Commission (ISHC).  They were supported by a timber substructure.  The bridges became the prototype of what would become the ISHC's standard design.  Standard Bridge was paid $29,174 to build all the bridges.  This bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.


== References ==
The M Countdown Chart is a record chart on the South Korean Mnet television music program M Countdown. Every week, the show awards the best-performing single on the chart in the country during its live broadcast.
In 2015, 30 singles ranked number one on the chart and 25 music acts were awarded first-place trophies. Four songs collected trophies for three weeks and achieved a triple crown: "Sniper" by Shinhwa, "Call Me Baby" by Exo, "Lion Heart" by Girls' Generation and "I" by Taeyeon. No release for the year earned a perfect score, but "Lion Heart" acquired the highest point total on the September 3 broadcast with a score of 10,988.


== Scoring system ==


=== February 27, 2014–June 4, 2015 ===
Songs that appeared on the show from January 1–June 4 were scored based on a combination of digital single sales (50%), album sales (10%), social media performance (official YouTube music video views and SNS buzz: 10%), preference points (global fan votes and age range preference: 10%), Mnet's broadcast score (10%), and SMS votes (10%), for a total of 11,000 points.


=== June 11, 2015–April 12, 2018 ===
Mnet changed its scoring system effective the June 11 broadcast. Digital sales still accounted for 50% of a song's score, but points for album sales and social media performance were increased to 15% each. The popularity, broadcast, and voting percentages remained unchanged. No song achieved a perfect score under either system for the year.


== Chart history ==


== References ==
Loren E. Lomasky is an American philosopher, currently the Cory Professor of Political Philosophy, Policy and Law at the University of Virginia.


== Biography ==
Lomasky earned his PhD from the University of Connecticut, and has previously taught at Bowling Green State University in Ohio, the University of Minnesota in Duluth, and the Australian National University in Canberra. He has also been a contributing editor to Reason magazine.
Lomasky has written principally on ethics and political philosophy. His book Persons, Rights, and the Moral Community established his reputation as a leading advocate of a rights-based approach to moral and social issues. Besides these, his teaching interests include the philosophy of religion, medieval philosophy, and other periods in the history of philosophy.
Lomasky has been the recipient of many awards including the 1991 Matchette Prize for his Persons, Rights, and the Moral Community. Professor Lomasky has held research appointments sponsored by the NEH, the Center for the Study of Public Choice, the Australian National University and Bowling Green's Social Philosophy and Policy Center.


== On meat eating ==
Lomasky is a noted opponent of animal rights. He authored the paper "Is it wrong to eat animals?", in 2013 which defends meat eating and criticizes the arguments of moral vegetarianism. Lomasky argues that the pleasures of consuming meat "afford human beings goods comparable qualitatively and quantitatively to those held forth by the arts. Lives of many people would be significantly impaired were they to forgo carnivorous consumption."


== Selected publications ==
"When Hard Heads Collide: A Philosopher Encounters Public Choice," The American Journal of Economics and Sociology, 63 (2004).
"Liberty and Welfare Goods: Reflection on Clashing Liberalisms," Journal of Ethics 4 (2000).
"Aid Without Egalitarianism: Assisting Indigent Defendants," in William C. Heffernan & John Kleinig (eds.), From Social Justice to Criminal Justice, Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2000, ISBN 0-19-512985-7.
Democracy and Decision: The Pure Theory of Electoral Preference, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1993, ISBN 0-521-35043-3 (with Geoffrey Brennan).
Politics and Process: New Essays in Democratic Thought, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press 1989, ISBN 0-521-35043-3 (co-editor, with Geoffrey Brennan).
Persons, Rights, and the Moral Community, Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1987, ISBN 0-19-504209-3.


== See also ==
American philosophy
Libertarian views of rights
List of American philosophers


== References ==


== External links ==
Lomaskys's writings at the Independent Review.
Lomasky's writings at the Competitive Enterprise Institute site.
Lomasky's writings at the Foundation for Economic Education.
"Is Social Security Politically Untouchable?". The Cato Journal, 5 (Spring/Summer 1985).
The Knight is a fantasy novel written by American author Gene Wolfe. It depicts the journey of an American boy transported to a magical realm and aged to adulthood who soon thereafter becomes a knight. The first of a two-part tale known collectively as The Wizard Knight is told in an epistolary style, and contains elements from Norse, Arthurian, and Christian Mythology. It received a nomination for the Nebula Award in 2005.


== Plot summary ==
The story opens with an older narrator recounting a great adventure. He is left alone in a cabin in the wilderness by himself for a few days. He goes for a hike and ends up chasing a flying castle he sees in the sky until he is abducted by "a lot of people". He awakens to find himself at the mouth of a cave by the sea. He is greeted by a fortune teller who calls him Able of the High Heart and turns his walking stick into a bow. He soon after discovers his chivalrous destiny and embarks on a quest to travel this strange new land.


== References ==
Clare Devine (also Cunningham) is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, played by actresses Gemma Bissix and Samantha Rowley. Bissix reprised the role in 2009 for the culmination of Warren Fox (Jamie Lomas) and Justin Burton's (Chris Fountain) storylines. She later returned to the show in 2013. Clare was killed-off in October 2013, and Bissix said that it would allow Hollyoaks to develop other villainous characters. Bissix has won three British Soap Awards for her portrayal of Clare, and has been named one of the best British soap opera characters.


== Storylines ==


=== 2005–2007 ===
Clare first appears in December 2005 when Max Cunningham (Matt Littler) and Sam "O.B." O'Brien (Darren Jeffries) hire her as an events supervisor at The Loft. With her friendly face and likeable and vibrant personality, Clare quickly settles into life in the village and becomes popular with the other residents. Both O.B. and Max immediately fall for her, but after weeks of playing both admirers off against each other, she eventually chooses Max. Initially Max and Clare's relationship goes well, and Max soon asks Clare to move in with him. Max and Clare try to keep their relationship a secret from O.B, but after moving in, O.B. finds out but agrees to keep peace. Clare becomes friends with Mandy Hutchinson (Sarah Jayne Dunn) and Louise Summers (Roxanne McKee), and participates in a time-share scam set up by Louise's ex-husband Sean Kennedy (Matthew Jay Lewis) while on a holiday in late night special Hollyoaks: Back from the Dead. Sean begins flirting with Clare, who remains loyal to Max.
With Gemma Bissix taking over the role, a disturbing side of the character is revealed in April 2006 when Max takes his brother Tom (Ellis Hollins) on holiday. Despite turning his advances down months earlier, Clare seduces Sean after discovering his wealth. Mel Burton  (Cassie Powney) catches Clare and Sean together. Clare used Mel's alcoholism against her when she attempts to expose the affair. This causes friction between Max and O.B.. Clare schemes to get rid of O.B. and acts the loyal girlfriend to Max, who eventually proposes to her. After Tom overhears a conversation between Sean and Clare about their affair, she tries to turn Max against Tom. Max asks O.B. to be his best man, shocking Clare. On Max's stag night, O.B. discovers that Clare is planning to leave with his money. Clare plants drugs in O.B.'s pocket and gets him arrested. After being released, O.B. storms Max and Clare's wedding, telling him of her plan. Max refuses to believe this and punches him. Max decides he wants a child. Clare tells Max she was sexually abused as a child and is infertile, leaving him heartbroken. Clare convinces Max to give her £50,000, which she plans to use to flee Hollyoaks. During this time, Clare has sex with Warren Fox (Jamie Lomas). Mel and Sophie Burton (Connie Powney) find the CCTV DVD and show O.B.. The three then meet with her in The Dog and tell her to leave Max or they will show him the DVD. Clare leaves in a hurry, failing to recognise wanted fugitive Sam Owen outside. Clare returns home and begins to pack her bags. Max returns claiming The Dog is on fire, due to Sam. Clare then unpacks her belongings. After Mel and Sophie's deaths in the fire, Clare visits an injured O.B. in hospital and finds the CCTV DVD. She then disposes of it.
Max catches Warren and Clare snorting cocaine while working at The Loft. Clare convinces him it was due to her repressed memories of her sexual abuse. Max, to impress her, takes some cocaine, which leads to a heart attack. While he is in hospital, Clare finds out about Max's life insurance policy of £500,000. Clare then decides to kill Max and flee the country with his money. When he returns home, Clare begins secluding Max from his friends and tampers with his medication. Clare takes Tom and Max away for a Christmas holiday near an icy lake. Max becomes more ill due to the pills and becomes suspicious of Clare, he then discovers the tampered pills. After realising Max knew about tampering with the pills, Clare throws Tom's jacket in the lake, with Max jumping in after him. Tom runs out of the woods, revealing Clare is trying to kill Max. O.B. turns up, punches Clare and saves Max. After being questioned, Clare is released by police. Max, seeing Clare's true colours, apologises to O.B. as Clare leaves.
Clare returns to the village in January 2007. She picks Tom up from his school without telling Max, who is frantic with worry. Max and O.B. find Clare with Tom. Clare promises to make Max's life hell and makes a reference to his dead father Gordon. Max tries to strangle Clare before leaving with Tom. They return to find Clare plans to sell the flat and The Loft. Clare starts hitting herself and calls the police claiming Max has hit her. Max, O.B. and Tony Hutchinson (Nick Pickard) physically remove Clare from the flat and throw her outside, just as the police return and arrest Max for assault. Tony and O.B.'s evidence mean that Max is released without charge. Max then signs The Loft over to Clare and reclaims his house. With The Loft being run by Warren, Clare becomes his rival. Warren hires Justin Burton (Chris Fountain), who Clare seduces in an attempt to get on her side. Clare informs Warren that his sister Katy (Hannah Tointon) is in a relationship with Justin, this leads to Warren being arrested for beating him up. Clare then has Warren arrested for Sean's murder after receiving information from Justin.
Clare convinces Louise to have her unborn child aborted and tell fiancé Calvin Valentine (Ricky Whittle) it was a miscarriage. Clare later tells him the truth causing them to split up. Louise and Calvin on separate occasions attack Clare. Clare phones the social services, and tells them her false suspicions that Tom is getting physically abused by Max and O.B.. Clare then manipulates Tom into thinking he caused the deaths of his parents and baby Grace Hutchinson and would cause Max's death, this frightening Tom, he refuses to see Max, making his social worker believe he is being abused. O.B. confronts Clare about Social Services. Clare taunts him over the death of his girlfriend Mel and her sister Sophie, saying it was "two for the price of one". O.B. threatens Clare and is seen by several people in The Loft. That night, Clare goes onto The Loft balcony to investigate a noise, there, she is pushed by a mystery person. Jacqui (Claire Cooper), Carmel (Gemma Merna) and Tina McQueen (Leah Hackett) then find Clare, and beside her, Calvin's mobile.
Clare falls into a coma as the police question several people over her attack. Warren becomes the prime suspect and is charged. When she returns home, Max breaks in to Clare's flat and threatens to kill her if she does not tell the social services she lied about Tom's abuse, which she does. During Warren's trial, he appears to be getting sent down, however Mercedes McQueen (Jennifer Metcalfe) arrives and admits to sleeping with him on the night Clare was pushed. Warren is then released, where he begins pressuring Clare to sell him The Loft. Warren pushes her against the balcony she was pushed over and threatens her, she then sells Warren The Loft. As she prepares to leave Hollyoaks for good, Clare is seen off by Justin, Warren, Louise, Max, OB, Katy and Calvin. Justin grabs Clare at last minute and tells her it was him who pushed her. Clare leaves and plots revenge.
Katy is mysteriously kidnapped and Warren, Max and Justin set out to find her. After receiving several clues from Clare to Katy's whereabouts, the three head off to the docklands where Clare tells Warren to kill Justin, reminding him that Justin was the reason he was sent to jail. Warren and Max take Justin's supposedly dead body, however Clare realises he is not dead and drives off with Katy. Warren, Justin and Max set off after her. Clare skids to avoid bikers and plummets over a quarry into water below. Katy is saved, however Max is too late to save Clare, who apparently dies.
Two days after her presumed death, Clare is revealed to have survived as she arrives in a first class departures lounge in an airport. She meets a wealthy businessman named Miles, who she starts chatting to seductively. Clare introduces herself as "Clare Devine" before staring at the camera for a brief moment, breaking the fourth wall. Her destination is not revealed.


=== 2009 ===
In May 2009, the Hollyoaks villagers awake to find the village covered in posters labelling Warren as a killer and stating that Jake Dean (Kevin Sacre) was innocent over being jailed for Sean's murder. In the coming weeks, Warren receives poison pen letters, telling him that "his days are numbered" and mysterious phone calls. In The Loft, Warren is knocked unconscious with a baseball bat and tied up. His blindfold is removed and Clare reveals herself.
Clare informs Warren that she has returned for revenge on him and Justin for ruining her life and also to get Warren's money. Clare pours petrol and gets Warren to phone Justin to come to The Loft. Warren phones his foster brother Spencer Gray (Darren John Langford) and leaves a message of Clare talking. 
Calvin turns up at The Loft and finds Warren and Clare. He phones the police, but after hearing Warren mock Clare and recalling everything Warren had put him and his family through, he hangs up and leaves. Hannah Ashworth (Emma Rigby) appears at The Loft looking for her boyfriend Justin. She is knocked unconscious by Clare, who assumes she is Justin. Clare lights a match and puts near Warren's face, but Hannah regains consciousness and attacks Clare. 
Clare drops the match, setting The Loft ablaze. Clare and Hannah then crash through the banister to the floor below, falling unconscious. 
Justin arrives. He leaves Warren sitting tied up and rescues Hannah, who he presumes is dead. Clare, meanwhile, is nowhere to be seen, barring her infamous red stiletto. Warren manages to free himself and jumps down the stairwell, landing on his ankle, which breaks. 
The fire then causes a large mirror above to snap and fall down on him, which appears to kill him instantly.
The next week, Justin is wanted for supposedly starting the fire. Spencer goes back to his and Warren's flat above Evissa, where Clare is lying in wait. 
Clare appears wanting to know where Warren's money is. Sasha Valentine (Nathalie Emmanuel) appears outside and calls the police. Sasha enters the flat and punches Clare to the floor, Clare comes round and grabs one of Warren's dumbbells to attack Sasha with, Calvin the wrestles Clare against the wall and arrests her. Clare initially tries to bribe Calvin, but CID turn up behind him and Clare is dragged off kicking and screaming aggressively.
Clare is not seen again for almost four years.


=== 2013 ===
Clare returns to Hollyoaks village shortly after Doctor Browning's return, where he reveals to Myra McQueen (Nicole Barber-Lane) that Mercedes has gone missing in Las Vegas. 
Clare, going under the alias of "Cassandra Knight", tracks down Doctor Browning at his apartment and pretends to be just as shocked as Doctor Browning when he opens a letter addressed to him demanding "£100,000 or Mercedes dies". 
She informed Doctor Browning that she saw Mercedes getting into a limo with another man in Vegas in a bid to seduce him, to which he declines. Doctor Browning then correctly suspects Clare knew something about Mercedes’ disappearance, however he soon discards this theory as he then suspects Mercedes probably wrote the letter herself. 
Clare later returns to her hotel room where Mercedes is tied to a chair. Clare tells Mercedes that Doctor Browning suspects she wrote the ransom note, and that they need to work harder to get ransom money out of him before punching her in the face.
Clare soon persuades Doctor Browning to buy Chez Chez so that they can be business partners. He initially agrees based on their camaraderie in Vegas, but he then discovers from Jim that "Cassandra Knight" does not exist. When he confronts her about this, she reveals that her real name is Clare Devine and that she gets by conning rich men, failing to tell him about her history in the village. She then says that she is not conning him, because if she was, she would have finished with him already. He then decides to buy Chez Chez. However, before they both sign the ownership papers, Clare accidentally shows her hatred for Mercedes. Realising she must have known Mercedes prior to their meeting in Las Vegas, Doctor Browning rips up the papers and once again confronts Clare, who attacks Doctor Browning and flees. She is then seen returning to her hotel room, where Mercedes is seen relaxing and their conversation shows that she is apparently helping Clare with the scam. They concoct a plan to extort money from Doctor Browning. Clare helps Mercedes fake her disappearance and blackmail him for ransom money. When Mercedes realises that Clare has been lying she decides to stop the scheme. Clare knocks Mercedes unconscious taking her hostage for real, moving her to a derelict cellar. 
Clare contacts Browning and tells him to place bag of ransom money in the gym locker, to which he does, but the bag containing the money is accidentally taken by Leanne Holiday (Jessica Forrest) rendering Clare furious in believing she has been double crossed.
Clare then locks Mercedes in a metal cage located in an abandoned industrial yard, surrounded by two rabid dogs. She then lures Doctor Browning to the industrial yard under the premise of taking him to where Mercedes is being kept, but as he locks eyes on the caged Mercedes, she knocks Browning out from behind with a rock, and places him in the cage alongside Mercedes. 
Clare presses them for knowledge of where the ransom money is, and a bleeding and injured Browning tell her he suspects Tom Cunningham has the money. Clare eventually gives Mercedes the key to get out of the cage but as she and Browning attempt freedom, Claire's two rabid dogs rush towards them, barking angrily, so the twosome have to lock themselves back in. Clare sneaks into The Dog without being noticed. She creeps up behind Tom and he is terrified as he once again comes face to face with Clare. Clare makes Tom lock them both in his room and accuses him of having her ransom money which he denies and offers his piggy bank money and tries to tell her there is money in the kitchen and the till. Clare gets angry at this and brings up Max's name, reminding Tom that he remembers how angry she got with Max. When Jack Osborne (Jimmy McKenna) knocks at the door, Clare makes Tom get rid of him. 
A while later, loud music comes from Tom's room and Jack and Darren Osborne (Ashley Taylor Dawson) rush to Tom's door trying to open it and upon realising that it is locked and Tom is in danger, Darren breaks the door down in to see Clare holding Tom down with a golf club. Clare forces her way past Darren and Jack and runs through the pub with Darren giving chase and falling over a stool. He manages to catch Clare and pins her to the ground until the police come and arrest Clare once again and tells the Osborne's it's not over and that she knows Tom has her money. Clare is then arrested.
A few months later, newly arrived village crime lord Fraser Black (Jesse Birdsall) and Jim McGinn (Dan Tetsell) visit Clare in prison, Fraser asks Jim to help secure her release, as it is revealed that Fraser is Clare's father. 
She tells him never to return and she will not forgive him. However Clare cannot cope with prison life and eventually accepts help. 
When she is released Fraser hands over The Loft to Clare, knowing she held a sharehold of the club in prior years. She reveals during a conversation with Fraser's hitman Trevor Royle(Greg Wood) that she was pregnant with his baby many years prior and Fraser pushed her down the stairs, causing her to miscarry. 
Clare wants revenge on Mercedes for putting her in jail months prior and also her father for her misguided past, so she decides to plant a bomb in The Loft. 
She enlists the help of Trevor, telling him Fraser would likely kill him to this day if he realised Trevor got Clare pregnant at a young age. 
Clare then invites Mercedes to have her 30th birthday party in The Loft, with the promise of a free venue fee. Trevor has an argument with Fraser and meets Clare in The Dog, where he angrily agrees to take part in the bombing. The McQueens are enjoying themselves in the Loft when Clare chooses her moment to detonate the bomb, but Trevor gets cold feet when he realises there are people in the loft. As Clare goes to press the ‘call’ button to trigger the bomb, Trevor wrestles her to the ground and the detonator becomes loose. Clare gets to the phone first and presses the ‘call’ button, and instead, a block of council flats blow up after Sinead O'Connor (Stephanie Davis) took the bag containing the bomb to a party by mistake, killing Leanne, Ash Kane (Holly Weston), Doug Carter (PJ Brennan). 
Unperturbed by the detonation elsewhere, Clare goes into the Loft and lies to an oblivious Mercedes, telling her the bomb is in the Loft and threatens to kill the Mcqueens unless she follows her. When outside, Mercedes confronts Clare, telling her she belongs in prison, Claire responds viciously, where she states she would only like to be locked up for Mercedes’ murder. Claire and Mercedes begin fighting, and Mercedes manages to push her into the middle of the street, where she is then mowed down by an oncoming car.The car door opens and Doctor Browning is revealed to be the driver, who gets out and retorts to Mercedes’ that ‘he wasn’t going to miss her birthday’. 
Browning is later killed in the same night by Mercedes’. A funeral is held for Clare in the coming days. Clare's funeral features the arrival of her sister Grace Black (Tamara Wall).


== Creation ==


=== Casting ===
The character was first introduced to Hollyoaks in December 2005, by series producer David Hanson portrayed by Samantha Rowley. The character was introduced as an events manager for The Loft nightclub, and as the story progressed, the new girlfriend of Max Cunningham, and appeared initially from 2005 to 2006, when new series producer Bryan Kirkwood decided to recast the role to Gemma Bissix after wanting to take the character in a new direction. Speaking on the Hollyoaks Podcast in 2020: Bixsix recalled "[Samantha] came from a model show of some kind, and that's when Hollyoaks were criticised for bringing people in that were models and weren't acting. That's when Hollyoaks was downgraded and it was all about what you look like. "When Bryan came in, he took it upon himself – it was literally like Pippa from Home and Away. She went upstairs with Max one night, then the next morning, I came down. I think they liked the press of it – it was an impact." Bissix had previously auditioned for five other roles on the show, and was reluctant to audition for the role of Clare.Bissix remained in the role from 2006 to 2007, when the character left the show. It was announced in March 2009 that Clare would return for a short stint in May 2009 reintroduced by Bryan Kirkwood. The return was dubbed "stunt week", as the character got her revenge on Justin Burton and Warren Fox.In August 2009, Bissix announced she would like to return to Hollyoaks as Clare Devine, commenting on the role she said, "You really can't get much better than playing a psychotic murderer turning up in her ripped tights and pouring petrol over everything."


=== Personality ===
When Clare originally arrived in 2005 played by Samantha Rowley, she was rather likeable and friendly. However, after the character's recast to Gemma Bissix the following year, the character revealed a dark side and this was quickly revealed around Hollyoaks. Clare became a con-woman, marrying Max Cunningham simply for his money. Clare made several attempts to kill Max, however was unsuccessful. In 2007, Clare was pushed over the balcony at The Loft. This attempt on her life led to her departure from the series, in which, her enemies assumed she had died. Almost two years later, Clare returned for her revenge on Warren Fox and Justin Burton, where she was arrested for Warren's murder.


== Development ==


=== Return ===
On 17 March 2009. Kris Green from Digital Spy revealed that Clare could be returning to the show to coincide with Warren Fox (Jamie Lomas) and Justin Burton's (Chris Fountain) exit storylines. The return was soon confirmed. Series producer Bryan Kirkwood telephoned Bissix in December 2008 with the return offer. The succeeding producer Lucy Allan told Kris Green from Digital Spy that Clare was "pivotal in the culmination" of Justin and Warren's departure stories. She added that it would have been a "disservice" to the show not to feature her. It was revealed that Clare would return seeking revenge and traps Warren and Justin in a fire at The Loft nightclub. Clare returns in an unhinged state of mind. Bissix told the Press Association that "she's come back slightly unhinged and there isn't much that gets in her way and that's what I think is so exciting."


=== Reintroduction ===
In February 2013, it was announced that Bissix had agreed to return to Hollyoaks. Bissix had previously expressed her desire to return in August 2009. The return scenes were scheduled to broadcast in March that year. Bissix expressed excitement to work with Kirkwood again. It was announced that Clare's arrival would cause problems for Mercedes McQueen (Jennifer Metcalfe) and Doctor Browning (Joseph Thompson). While appearing on chat show The Wright Stuff Bissix hyped Clare's behaviour on her return as "extra evil". She told the Press Association that old viewers pledged to watch the show again upon Clare's reemergence. Bissix added that the drama Clare creates defines the soap opera genre. Clare was only written back into the series for the short storyline as Bissix had other work commitments. The actress later announced that she intended to rejoin the regular cast.


=== Departure (2013) ===
Bissix told a Birmingham Mail reporter that she would resume filming in July with her return airing in September. She said her return storyline was a "top secret" and that "just when I think she can’t get any worse, she does." Clare returned on-screen during the show's "first look" episode on 26 September 2013 and was being held in prison. Producers decided to keep details of her reappearance a secret until transmission. Fraser Black (Jesse Birdsall) being revealed as her father was another secret aspect of the storyline. However Clare was killed off in another "shock" storyline twist, which sees Doctor Browning run her over with his car following Clare's bomb attempt on The Loft. Bissix described Clare as the best character she had played in her career and thanked her supportive fans. She explained that Clare's departure would ultimately allow other villains to become embroiled in main storylines.


== Reception ==
For her portrayal of Clare, Bissix was won "Villain of the Year" at the 2007 British Soap Awards. She was also nominated for "Best Actress". The following year she won "Best Exit" and "Spectacular Scene Of The Year" for her departure storyline. Her returns to the series in 2013, made Hollyoaks first winning Best Soap.
Industry experts selected named Clare one of the "top 100 British soap characters" in a What's on TV poll.Bissix also played Clare Bates in rival soap-opera EastEnders. The characters shared similarities and a writer from The Herald suggested that Bissix actually played an identical role between the two shows. Bissix has acknowledged the comparisons but noted that Clare Devine lacks emotion, kills people and taunts little children. Bissix has also claimed that men are scared of her because of the "super bitch" role.Clare was featured on a list of "bunny boilers" compiled in the Radio Times. A writer described her as "Devine by name, devilish by nature, Clare married Max for his money and then repeatedly tried to kill him for it. She made enemies easily, notably Warren and Justin, and when she was pushed over a balcony and almost killed, the list of suspects was longer than the electoral roll." Digital Spy's Green wrote of his disappointment of Clare's 2009 return. He branded Clare as a "fabulous character" deserving more than being "a mere plot device" in other character's departures. However, 53 per cent of readers were pleased with the return.Clare was placed at number 7 in a Virgin Media feature about "soap's greatest comebacks". A writer for the site quipped "After seemingly falling to her death twice, it seems nothing can keep this Hollyoaks bad girl down. Clare last resurfaced, in barking mad fashion, to kill off arch-enemy Warren Fox. Now she's banged up, but we don't imagine we've seen the last of her just yet..."
Clare was also ranked at Number 7 in Digital Spy's feature on soap recasts.From Bissix’ time in the serial, her portrayal of Clare placed the character in a minority group of the most memorable villains in the shows history. Bissix introduced a totally different element for Hollyoaks’ super bitches, being arguably the first of her kind to reach such popularity and acclaim.


== References ==


== External links ==
[1] on the E4 website Archived 27 September 2013 at the Wayback Machine
Bendorf (German pronunciation: [ˈbɛndɔʁf] ) is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.


== References ==
Pandemis chondrillana is a species of moth of the  family Tortricidae. It is found in France, Bulgaria, Romania, Ukraine, Russia, Asia Minor, Iran, Afghanistan, from Kazakhstan to Siberia, Kyrgyzstan, Mongolia and north-western China.The wingspan is 17–24 mm for males and 20–27 mm for females. Adults have been recorded on wing from May to July.
The larvae feed on Rosa, Salix, Populus and Quercus species.


== References ==
Wymysły [vɨˈmɨswɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pomiechówek, within Nowy Dwór County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Brody-Parcele (the gmina seat), 5 km (3 mi) north-west of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki, and 37 km (23 mi) north-west of Warsaw.


== References ==
Michael Jacob Michaelsen (April 11, 1899 – August 13, 1970) was a Danish boxer who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.  He was Jewish.In 1928 he won the bronze medal in the heavyweight class after winning the third-place fight against Sverre Sørsdal.
He participated in the 1927 European Amateur Boxing Championships winning the third place and again in the 1930 European Amateur Boxing Championships where Michaelsen became European champion defeating Sweden's Bertil Molander in the final.


== 1928 Olympic results ==
Below is the record of Michael Michaelsen, a Danish heavyweight boxer who competed at the 1928 Amsterdam Olympics:

Round of 16: bye
Quarterfinal: defeated Georges Gardebois (France) on points
Semifinal: lost to Arturo Rodriguez (Argentina) on points
Bronze-Medal Bout: defeated Sverre Sørsdal (Norway) by walkover (was awarded bronze medal)


== See also ==
List of select Jewish boxers


== References ==


== External links ==
Michael Michaelsen at databaseOlympics.com (archived)
Variations in published cricket statistics have come about because there is no official view of the status of cricket matches played in Great Britain prior to 1895 or in the rest of the world prior to 1947. As a result, historians and statisticians have compiled differing lists of matches that they recognise as (unofficially) first-class. The problem is significant where it touches on some of the sport's first-class records, especially in regards to the playing career of W. G. Grace.


== Concept and definition of first-class cricket ==
The concept of a "first-class standard" was formalised in May 1894 at a meeting of the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) committee and the secretaries of the 14 clubs in the official County Championship, which had begun in 1890. As a result, these 14 clubs became officially first-class from 1895 along with MCC, Cambridge University, Oxford University, the main international touring teams and other teams designated as such by MCC (e.g., North v South, Gentlemen v Players, occasional XIs, etc).First-class cricket was formally defined by the then Imperial Cricket Conference (ICC) in May 1947 as a match of three or more days' duration between two sides of eleven players officially adjudged first-class, with the governing body in each country to decide the status of teams. Significantly, it was stated that the definition does not have retrospective effect.The absence of any ruling about matches played prior to 1947 (or prior to 1895 in Great Britain) has caused problems for cricket historians and especially statisticians. Matches that are believed to have met the official definitions, assuming they featured teams of the necessary high standard, have been recorded since 1697 (having been in vogue since the 1660s).It was inevitable that historians and statisticians would seek to apply unofficial first-class status retrospectively, despite the ICC and MCC's directives. The position is that each writer must compile their own list based on personal opinion: as a result, significant differences may be observed in published statistical records, with particular impact on the career records of W. G. Grace, Jack Hobbs and Herbert Sutcliffe. There are also differences in the perceived status of certain matches played by Gloucestershire teams before the county club was formed in 1870, and by Somerset in 1879 and 1881.One of the problems here is that statisticians have tended not to publish their match lists with their findings: it should, however, be noted that the number of differences is extremely small in terms of the sport's overall statistics.


== Development of scoring to 1895 ==
The problem of different versions is as old as cricket scorecards themselves. The earliest known scorecards are dated 1744 but very few were created (or have survived) between 1744 and 1772 when they became habitual.
The main source for scorecards from 1772 until the 1860s is Arthur Haygarth’s Scores & Biographies, which was published in several volumes. Haygarth used a number of sources for his scorecards including many that were created by the Hambledon Club and MCC. He frequently refers to earlier compilers such as Samuel Britcher, W. Epps and Henry Bentley. Haygarth often mentions in his match summaries that another version exists of the scorecard he has reproduced. Sometimes he outlines the differences which range from players' names to runs scored and even to apparent discrepancies in innings totals or match results.
Haygarth first mentions the difficulty of obtaining scorecards in his summary of the Hampshire v Surrey match at Broadhalfpenny Down on 26 August 1773:
"The Score of this match was obtained from the Hampshire Chronicle, and it was not inserted in the old printed book of Hambledon Scores from 1772 to 1784".Then, in his summary of the Surrey v Hampshire match at Laleham Burway on 6–8 July 1775:
"The above is taken from the old printed score books; but in another account, in the first innings of Surrey, Miller is b Brett...&c".He goes on to list a total of 13 differences between his two versions, some re dismissal details and others re scores. He then makes a highly pertinent comment:

"It may here be remarked, that when there are two scores of the same match, they never agree" (the italics are Haygarth's own).In saying that, Haygarth has recognised the essence of the problem when there is no standard means of scoring and no centralised control over the system of capturing and storing the data. Scoring systems in the 18th century and most of the 19th century had nothing like the consistency of standard that was employed through the 20th century to the present. Many early cards gave no details of dismissal. Where dismissal was recorded, it was limited to the primary mode and so a fielder would be credited with a catch but the bowler would not be credited with the wicket unless he bowled out the batsman. MCC finally responded to the problem in 1836 when they decided to include in their own scorecards (i.e., for matches played at Lord's) the addition of bowlers' names when the dismissal was caught, stumped, lbw or hit wicket. Haygarth comments that "this was a vast improvement in recording the game and but justice to the bowler". As a result, scorecards became more detailed through the second half of the 19th century but reliability remained a problem and different versions continued to appear. It was some time before the MCC scorecard standard was adopted throughout the country and the inclusion of bowling analyses "was not introduced until several years afterwards".A greater problem surfaced after 1890 with the establishment of the County Championship because, as described above, this gave rise in 1895 to the concept of first-class cricket and so, for the first time, there was a perceived higher standard based on organisation of games in an official competition. Until then, everything had been somewhat ad hoc and "playing standards" was a term applied very liberally, especially with teams containing guest or occasional players in addition to recognised players.


== Commencement of statistical records ==


=== England ===
The earliest mainstream publication of cricket statistics was done by members of the Lillywhite family. Frederick Lillywhite, son of William Lillywhite, first published his Guide to Cricketers in 1848. In 1865, his brother John published his Cricketer's Companion (known as "Green Lilly" on account of its cover). Two years later the two were amalgamated with the Companion "incorporating" the Guide. In 1872, their cousin James Lillywhite junior started his Cricketers' Annual (known as "Red Lilly"). A further period of competition ensued until another amalgamation in 1880 created John and James Lillywhite's Cricketer's Companion, still incorporating the Guide. This survived until 1883 when James announced he was "now sole proprietor". After 1885, the Companion was incorporated with the Annual, which continued until 1900.In 1864, John Wisden introduced his Wisden Cricketers' Almanack which, after an uncertain start, went on to become "the cricketers' Bible". Meanwhile, Arthur Haygarth published his Scores and Biographies for Frederick Lillywhite from 1862 to 1871, but these were not statistical as such, rather a record of known scorecards.The concept of a first-class level of cricket seems to have taken hold in the 1860s, perhaps through the influence of the Guide to Cricketers, and W. G. Grace certainly considered his matches in 1864 to have been "first-class". Nevertheless, Grace's "first-class career" was effectively defined after his death when F. S. Ashley-Cooper compiled a season-by-season record to supplement Grace's obituary in the 1916 edition of Wisden. This record became Grace's "traditional figures" and, as described later, was the statistical basis for the celebrations in 1925 when Jack Hobbs passed the total of 126 career centuries that Ashley-Cooper had attributed to Grace.Playfair Cricket Annual began in 1947, but followed Wisden in statistical terms. In 1951, Roy Webber published his Playfair Book of Cricket Records and, in his introduction, expressed the view that "first-class records should commence in 1864". A number of sources have agreed with this date. Webber then commenced a review of 19th century matches and later published his version of Grace's career record, declaring that Ashley-Cooper had allocated first-class status to a number of minor matches.
Bill Frindall published The Kaye Book of Cricket Records in 1968, and subsequently several editions of his Wisden Book of Cricket Records: as he explained in the preface to one of the Wisden editions, he favoured 1815 as the starting point for "proper" first-class cricket, though he conceded that there is a reasonable case for several other years, particularly Webber's 1864. Frindall thus included the entire roundarm era, but also a substantial part of the underarm era. Wisden Cricketers' Almanack, for which Frindall was the chief statistician, also commences its first-class records section in 1815.
The Association of Cricket Statisticians and Historians (ACS) was founded in 1973, with Rowland Bowen among the first to raise doubts in its journal that there could ever be a generally acknowledged list of first-class matches. In 1976, the ACS produced a booklet, A Guide to First-class Cricket Matches played in the British Isles (with a second edition in 1982), outlining its view of the first-class matches played from 1864 to 1946. This was followed by booklets covering other countries and, in 1981, A Guide to Important Cricket Matches played in the British Isles 1709–1863. 
From 1996, the ACS produced a further series of booklets giving complete scorecards of matches from 1801 that it now considered first-class. The ACS gave in its journal a number of reasons for taking its startpoint back from 1864 to 1801, among them an agreement with Frindall's view that the standard of play during the roundarm era were as high as those in the overarm era. The ACS disagreed with Frindall about 1815 because it wanted to include the full set of Gentlemen v Players fixtures that began in 1806. It chose 1801 as a date of convenience, and thereby set up a division between the 18th and 19th centuries, which was contested by several people (including many ACS members) who recognised 1772 as the startpoint given the availability of data in surviving scorecards from that season. In its spring 2006 journal, the ACS admitted that it could not decide upon its position vis-à-vis 18th century records because of "missing or incomplete scorecards". But it is by no means certain that there is a complete statistical record of matches between 1801 and 1825 either, especially given the loss of records in the catastrophic Lord's fire. Certainly, there are no complete bowling figures in that period, or until 1836, and the surviving scorecards are similar in standard and content to 18th century scorecards.
In 2005, scorecards and other details of all known matches prior to 1801 were loaded into the CricketArchive database and there classified as "major" or "minor" pending an overall accord with other sources about first-class status. CricketArchive’s "major" classification effectively stated a view that the matches concerned were first-class providing they were not single wicket, the other form of top-class cricket that was popular in the 18th century. In early 2010, CricketArchive reorganised its classification of first-class matches to commence with the 1772 season. The handful of earlier scorecards, including the two in 1744, are arguably too isolated for inclusion: in this sense, the "statistical record" is divorced from the "historical record" which includes all significant matches, dating from 1697, for which no scorecard has survived. Contrary to Bowen's view, there is now a general accord, apart from a few matters of detail, in terms of statistical first-class status.
The issue with using any cut-off date as a startpoint is that it excludes everything before that date, despite cricket's history making clear that there has been a continuous standard of top-class cricket in England since the late 17th century. It is true that none of the cricketers with large career totals played before 1864 (Webber's main reason for adopting that date), and so his startpoint was not really an issue in that context. It does, however, exclude numerous leading players and it impacts other cricket records: if first-class cricket did not begin until 1864, then legendary cricketers like Richard Newland, John Small, William Beldham, Alfred Mynn and William Caffyn were not first-class players. Among records, the lowest known team score occurred in the 1810 match between All-England and The Bs (with Wells and Lawrell), when The Bs were dismissed for 6 in their second innings; that match is not regarded as first-class by those statisticians who still use 1815 or 1864 as their statistical startpoint. The real significance of 1864 was the legalisation of overarm bowling, but there is also evidence of a more structured approach to inter-county cricket which ultimately brought about the introduction of the official County Championship. 1864 was also the first year in which Wisden Cricketers' Almanack was published: while this is seen as the key source for cricket records, there are plenty of earlier sources.
The fire at Lord's occurred on the night of 28 July 1825, when the pavilion burned down and many invaluable and irreplaceable records were lost. It is believed that these included unique scorecards of early matches. The main difficulty encountered by researchers is the absence of match details from before the Lord's fire, and there are numerous matches in the 18th century which are known about in name only, with no scores having survived.


=== Other countries ===
CricketArchive is clear about the first-class cricket startpoints in other countries, and these seem to be agreed by other sources:

Australia – February 1851.
New Zealand – January 1864.
West Indies – February 1865.
North America – October 1878.
South Africa – March 1889 (also the country's first Test match).
India – August 1892.First-class cricket in the other Test nations began much later.


== W. G. Grace's career statistics ==


=== Centuries ===
W. G. Grace began his senior career in 1865 and continued through a record-equalling 44 seasons to 1908. There is general agreement about the status of his matches after the 1895 watershed, but a measure of disagreement about the status of some of his earlier matches. Grace's "original" career totals were compiled by Ashley-Cooper and added to his obituary in the 1916 Wisden.The first statistician to make a significant challenge to these "accepted figures" was Roy Webber, who published the Playfair Book of Cricket Records in 1951. This deferred to the Wisden version re Grace. During the 1950s, Webber made a detailed study of Grace's career and in the February 1961 edition of Playfair Cricket Monthly, he presented his own revised figures by excluding matches he did not regard as first-class.In his later record books (e.g., The Book of Cricket Records, concise edition, 1963), Webber quoted both versions, referring to the Wisden totals as the "accepted figures" and his own as the "corrected figures", but excluded Grace's 1873 "double" to indicate that he preferred the "corrected figures". 
The same approach was used by Bill Frindall in his Kaye Book of Cricket Records published in 1968. Webber's "corrected figures" were based on a slightly different matchlist to that subsequently created by the Association of Cricket Statisticians (ACS) in the 1970s: the differences here are that Webber included the Gloucestershire match of 1868, but excluded two England v XIII of Kent matches played in 1878 and 1879 and all five Gloucestershire v Somerset matches between 1882 and 1885 (see below).
The main issues arising from the disagreement about W. G. Grace’s career totals are as follows:

Firstly, did Grace score 124 or 126 first-class centuries in his career?
Secondly, when did Grace score his hundredth first-class century?
Thirdly, when did Jack Hobbs break Grace's world record total of first-class centuries?At 1pm on 17 May 1895, in the Gloucestershire v Somerset match at County Cricket Ground, Bristol, Sammy Woods bowled a slow full toss, perhaps deliberately, which W. G. Grace dispatched to the boundary. Woods walked down the pitch and shook hands with the great man who had just completed his hundredth hundred, a century of centuries. It was an occasion for celebration: poems were written, commemorative plates were produced, Grace’s health was widely toasted. WG went on to make 126 career centuries.
At the time, it was widely if not universally accepted that Grace's list of centuries included a score of 152 in 1873 for the Gentlemen to Canada Touring Team v XV of MCC, and a score of 113 in 1879 for Gloucestershire v Somerset. Later statisticians have challenged the status of these two matches, and have proposed that Grace in fact completed his hundredth first-class century for Gloucestershire v Middlesex at Lord's on 30 May 1895 when he scored 169. Thus, according to their statistics, WG's career total was 124 centuries.
On the morning of 17 August 1925, a Somerset v Surrey match was taking place at County Ground, Taunton. Jack Hobbs, 92 not out overnight, turned Jimmy Bridges to leg and completed his 126th first-class century to equal Grace's career record. Percy Fender brought out a wine glass for Hobbs to enjoy a celebratory drink (as he was a teetotaler, it is reputed that the glass contained only ginger ale). As Hobbs had been near to his century the previous evening, the press were present in large numbers. They departed with their stories and on the next day Somerset recovered from a first innings deficit of 192 to leave Surrey needing 183 to win. Andy Sandham, Hobbs' opening partner, was in no hurry: Hobbs reached his 127th century with the winning runs to break Grace's record and give Surrey victory by 10 wickets. Such was the unexpected nature of Somerset's recovery that only a small crowd was there to celebrate.
If W. G. Grace's alternative figures are applied, then Hobbs  broke Grace's world record (i.e., his 125th century) on 20 July 1925, when he scored 105 for Surrey v Kent at Blackheath. Hobbs still holds the world record as of 2022, and went on to make 197 or 199 career centuries (see details below).


=== Grace's career batting figures ===
The table below summarises W. G. Grace's career figures with his original totals, as calculated by Wisden Cricketers' Almanack, and his alternative totals, that now appear on CricketArchive:

The "extra" 15 innings took place over 10 matches, listed below with his scores in each innings:

1868 MCC v Gloucestershire at Lord's – 24, 13
1872 Hertfordshire v MCC at Chorley Wood – 0, 75
1872 South v North at The Oval – 1
1873 Hertfordshire v MCC at Chorley Wood – 47,26
1873 MCC v Staffordshire at Lord's – 67
1873 XV of MCC v Gentlemen to Canada Touring Team at Lord's – 152, 5
1873 South v North at The Oval – 37*
1879 Gloucestershire v Somerset at Clifton College – 113
1881 Somerset v Gloucestershire at Lansdown CC, Bath – 80
1881 Gloucestershire v Somerset at Cheltenham College – 15, 30


==== 1916 Wisden totals ====
Grace's "original" totals were compiled by Ashley-Cooper and added to his obituary in the 1916 Wisden. 
The only comment there on which matches were regarded as first-class is given on page 96: 

The above figures, which have been checked most carefully throughout, will be found to differ in several instances from those given in the cricket publications of the sixties and seventies; but, considering that the handbooks of that period frequently contradicted each other, and that the averages given in one seldom, if ever, agreed with those tabulated in another, that is not surprising.Ashley-Cooper compiled Grace's batting averages to the end of the 1896 season, and these were published in a series of articles in Cricket: A Weekly Record of the Game in late 1896 and early 1897. In the first article, Ashley-Cooper says:

I have included MCC v Herts and MCC v Staffordshire, which, although not really first-class, have always been reckoned in WG's averages for 1873.Between this 1896 article and the 1916 obituary, Ashley-Cooper omits three matches played by Grace for the South Wales Cricket Club during its tour of the London area in the latter half of July 1865: 

Middlesex Club & Ground v South Wales
I Zingari v South Wales
Surrey Club & Ground v South WalesFurthermore, Ashley-Cooper includes the Oxford University v Gentlemen of England match at Oxford in May 1866 which he had previously omitted.
This demonstrates that even after 1896, the career figures were sufficiently uncertain that he revised the list of first-class matches. It would have been difficult for Ashley-Cooper to include and exclude matches in which Grace scored a century, but clearly the career run total was sufficiently uncertain that matches in which he did not score a century could be added or removed without much comment.
One aspect of Ashley-Cooper's analysis that must be questioned is his assertion that the performances of Grace in a certain match should be regarded as first-class but that performances by other players should not. Clearly, if a match is first-class, then all players taking part must have the match included in their own first-class records.
Incidentally, the 1896 Wisden includes Grace's career figures to the end of the 1895 season: this also gives the same number of centuries as the 1916 edition, but his season totals differ in some respects.


==== 1868 match ====
Gloucestershire matches are generally regarded as first-class from 1870 onwards. The 1869 edition of John Lillywhite's Cricketer's Companion (aka "Green Lilly") does not include the 1868 MCC v Gloucestershire match in Grace's first-class figures, but Ashley-Cooper retrospectively chose to add it to his totals for the season.


==== 1873 matches ====
The 1873 games typify the loose manner in which statistics were compiled in those days. Grace's first-class batting aggregate for that season included his scores in the MCC matches against Hertfordshire and Staffordshire, and in the North v. South game at The Oval on 26 July. On the other hand, his bowling in the same matches was ignored. 
The match on 26 July was in fact a one-day filler that was played because the scheduled three-day North v. South match had finished a day early on 25 July: it is questionable if fillers have ever been regarded as major or first-class matches.
Grace's 1873 first-class aggregate was originally published in the 1874 edition of "Green Lilly" which includes the matches quoted in Grace's batting totals, but not in his bowling totals. In the 1916 obituary in Wisden, Ashley-Cooper chose to add the wickets to Grace's bowling total rather than remove the runs from his batting total.
The inclusion of those wickets increased Grace's 1873 season bowling total to over 100 wickets, meaning Ashley-Cooper had thereby manufactured the first-ever instance of a player performing the double. In all Wisdens between 1875 and 1916, the records section has the first-ever double being performed by Grace in 1874.
Then, having included the three 1873 matches, Ashley-Cooper did the same for two similar matches in the 1872 season: Hertfordshire v MCC and another North v. South filler on 27 July. This is difficult to justify, since these matches were not included in Grace's first-class totals that appear in the 1873 edition of "Green Lilly".
Another dubious match in 1873 is the one between an amateur team made up of those who had toured Canada and the USA in August and September 1872 and an XV of the MCC. Odds matches are not usually regarded as first-class, but there are exceptions, including two England v XIII of Kent matches played in 1878 and 1879, in which Grace took part. However, in the 1872 match, not only did the MCC team have 15 batsmen, they also had 15 players in the field. 
"Green Lilly" says: Before the publication of the names of the respective sides there was every prospect of a match at once worthy of the Transatlantic celebrity of Mr Fitzgerald's team and the match-making sagacity of the Club Committee, but when the lists came out, not a few intending spectators of the contest made up their minds for a disappointment. There really did not appear on the side of the fifteen 'metal' enough to encourage the hope of a good fight.


==== Status of Somerset matches ====
The remaining area of uncertainty relates to the status of Somerset. Grace played a number of matches for Gloucestershire against Somerset between 1879 and 1885.
The 1879 and 1881 matches were not included in the first-class averages in "Green Lilly" or James Lillywhite's Cricketers' Annual (aka "Red Lilly"). 
In Wisden 1882, the editor states: As it is, the untiring energy of the executive will be rewarded by seeing Somersetshire (sic) classed with the first-class counties in the coming season. This statement clearly indicates that Wisden did not regard Somerset as first-class in 1881. For the 1882 season, both "Green Lilly" and "Red Lilly" include Grace's performance against Somerset in his first-class figures and Wisden remarks that "Somersetshire's debut among the first-class counties was disappointing".
Grace's scores against Somerset in 1883 are included in his first-class totals in "Green Lilly" and "Red Lilly", and similarly his scores in 1885 are included in "Red Lilly" first-class totals, "Green Lilly" having ceased publication by that time. Cricket: A Weekly Record of the Game differs from the annuals and excludes Somerset from its first-class averages for the seasons 1882 to 1885. The Somerset games that involved Grace from 1882 to 1885 were:

1882 Gloucestershire v Somerset at Spa Ground, Gloucester
1883 Gloucestershire v Somerset at Clifton College
1883 Somerset v Gloucestershire at Taunton
1885 Gloucestershire v Somerset at Moreton-in-Marsh
1885 Somerset v Gloucestershire at TauntonCricketArchive has Somerset as first-class between 1882 and 1885 but not before then. Thus, Ashley-Cooper chose to retrospectively classify the 1879 and 1881 Somerset matches as first-class, while Wisden has continued to include these matches in Grace's totals despite the editor's statement in the 1882 edition.
It is worth noting that until publication of the ACS lists in the 1970s, Somerset's own publications had treated the club as first-class dating from its entry into the County Championship in 1891. Since the ACS published its lists, Somerset's publications have included the matches between 1882 and 1885 as first-class but not those prior to 1882.


=== Grace's career bowling figures ===
Although not so controversial, there are also different versions of Grace's career bowling figures. In the 1916 Wisden obituary, his figures are 51,545 runs conceded, 2864 wickets + 12 wickets taken in innings where the runs conceded is not known, resulting in an average of 17.99. For some unknown reason, the modern publications using these totals have added the wickets totals together (i.e. 2876) and give a resulting average of 17.92. The 2006 Playfair Cricket Annual is particularly confusing in this regard, as for Alfred Shaw the wicket total is given as 2026+1, indicating the 1 wicket where the runs conceded is not known.
The Cricket Archive totals are 50,980 runs conceded and 2809 wickets taken for an average of 18.15. Many of the differences are because of the exclusion of the 10 matches listed above, in which he took 67 wickets (including all 12 of the wickets taken in innings where the runs conceded are not known). There are, however, a number of instances where the bowling figures differ from those used by Ashley-Cooper. Three of these result in changes to the number of wickets taken:

1874 Sussex v Gloucestershire at County Cricket Ground, Hove 1st innings – Hall b G. F. Grace; not W. G. Grace
1876 Nottinghamshire v Gloucestershire at Trent Bridge 2nd innings – Padley c E. M. Grace b W. G. Grace; not c E. M. Grace b G. F. Grace
1878 Gloucestershire v Lancashire at Clifton College 1st innings – Kershaw c E. M. Grace b W. G. Grace; not c E. M. Grace b G. F. Grace


== Jack Hobbs ==
The situation with Jack Hobbs is simpler than with Grace and relates to a match for The Reef v MCC during the tour of South Africa in 1909–10; and the tour of India and Ceylon by the Maharajkumar of Vizianagram's team in 1930-31. He did not score a century in the 1909–10 match but scored two in the 1930-31 tour.
Given that he was near the end of his career in 1930-31, his centuries total is subject to variation from this time only, when he had already scored over 170 centuries. Therefore, the date of his 100th century is uncontested, while the date on which he passed Grace's record of centuries is only affected by the differing viewpoints regarding Grace’s own centuries total (that is, 124 or 126).
The table below summarises Jack Hobbs' career figures with his original totals, as calculated by Wisden, and his alternative totals, that now appear on CricketArchive:


=== The Reef v MCC 1909–10 ===
Playfair and Wisden figures include this match. CricketArchive does not. Hobbs scored 39 and 31.
Wisden 1931 (part 1, page 329) states:

I have also to acknowledge receipt of a letter from Mr. H.E. Holmes of Durban, enclosing the text of a pronouncement made by the South African Board of Control to the effect that, in the opinion of that body, the contest between the MCC team and The Reef at Vogelfontein on 22 and 23 December 1909, was not a first-class match. In the course of this encounter Hobbs scored 70 runs which are counted in his first-class aggregate. Seeing that the game was regarded, at the time it was played, as first-class and until a little while ago had been left in undisputed possession of that rank, the need for raising any question about the matter after more than twenty years is not at all obvious. In any circumstances, I should not advise the dragging up of what, with all due respect to the recent ruling of the South African Board, must remain a debatable matter. The Reef team included some Test match players and others who had appeared in Inter-State games so it certainly had considerable claims to be regarded as first-class and from that standing, I cannot, all things considered, agree after such a long lapse of time to reduce it. Outside the merits of the case, is there not something rather grotesque in the idea of a controlling body sitting in solemn conclave over so small a matter and deciding to upset what had been accepted for twenty years?Wisden therefore decided to ignore the ruling and has continued to recognise this match as first-class. Playfair also recognises the match, but other sources including CricketArchive have accepted the SABC ruling and do not recognise it. It is possible that the SABC thought it was a two-day match, but Wisden 1911 clearly states that "not a ball could be bowled on the first and fourth days": thus, it was actually planned as a four-day match.


=== 1930–31 tour of India and Ceylon ===
Playfair and Wisden figures exclude this tour. CricketArchive includes it. Hobbs played in 9 matches with 12 innings, 1 not out, 593 runs, 2 centuries. See below re Herbert Sutcliffe.
An MCC tour of India was planned for 1930-31, but it was cancelled due to civil unrest. The Maharajkumar of Vizianagram (aka Vizzy) determined to organise his own tour which included many of India's principal players. In addition, Jack Hobbs and Herbert Sutcliffe were engaged. The matches were not reported in Wisden and are not included in its career totals for either Hobbs or Sutcliffe. At the time, Wisden rarely reported on Indian cricket except for the Bombay Tournament. Vizzy's team also toured Ceylon and played three three-day matches that were similarly disregarded by Wisden. They were however prominently featured in The Cricketer Spring Annual for 1932. In these matches, Jack Hobbs scored two centuries in Ceylon, while Herbert Sutcliffe scored one century in India and one in Ceylon.
Hobbs himself did not consider these matches to be first-class: "'Don't include those,' he told the late John Arlott.' They were exhibition matches. Vizzy wanted to list our hundreds on the walls of his pavilion. We knew we'd got to score hundreds - so did the bowling side. They were not first-class in any sense.'"


== Other cricketers ==
Although the variations in career totals are most significant in the cases of Grace and Hobbs, there are differences for many other players too. Clearly the inclusion or exclusion of matches noted above affects the totals of all cricketers playing in these matches and there are other matches where there is disagreement regarding their first-class status. As described above, the sport's early scorecards often show differences in match details which lead to different totals. This is more common with bowling and fielding figures.
A detailed comparison of differences between various publications was produced by Philip Bailey in 1987.


=== Batting ===
Of those who scored 35,000 first-class runs the following are affected.


==== Liverpool and District v Yorkshire 1892 ====
This is ranked as first-class by some sources, as are other Liverpool v Yorkshire matches between 1887 and 1894, but this particular match was not reported by contemporary publications. Playfair and Wisden figures exclude this match. CricketArchive includes it.

George Hirst – 4, 29*


==== Surrey v Essex at Leyton 1896 ====
Wisden 1897 and CricketArchive have different scorecard data. In the Surrey second innings, Wisden has Bobby Abel 4 and Tom Hayward 8 while CricketArchive has Abel 8 and Hayward 4.


==== The Reef v MCC 1909–10 ====
Playfair and Wisden figures include this match. CricketArchive does not. See above re Jack Hobbs.

David Denton – 17, 22
Frank Woolley – 3, 7*
Wilfred Rhodes – 24, 56*


==== 1922–23 Indian domestic season ====
Playfair and Wisden figures exclude these matches. CricketArchive includes them.

Wilfred Rhodes – 4 matches, 8 innings, 1 not out, 247 runs


==== 1930–31 tour of India and Ceylon ====
Playfair and Wisden figures exclude this tour. CricketArchive includes it. See above re Jack Hobbs.

Herbert Sutcliffe – 7 matches, 10 innings, 1 not out, 532 runs, 2 centuries


=== Bowling ===
Of those who have taken 2,000 first-class wickets, the following are affected (this is limited to differences in the games played or wickets taken).


==== Liverpool and District v Yorkshire 1892 ====
See above. Playfair and Wisden figures exclude this match. CricketArchive includes it.

George Hirst – 1/40, 2/50


==== The Reef v MCC 1909–10 ====
Playfair and Wisden figures include this match. CricketArchive does not.

Colin Blythe – 3/37
Frank Woolley – 2/8
Wilfred Rhodes – did not bowl


==== 1917–18 Indian domestic season ====
Playfair and Wisden figures include Bengal Governor's XI v Maharaja of Cooch-Behar's XI. CricketArchive does not.

George Dennett – 4/69
Jack Newman – 5/22, 3/32


==== 1918–19 Indian domestic season] ====
Playfair and Wisden figures include Bengal Governor's XI v Maharaja of Cooch-Behar's XI and MC Bird's XI v Maharaja of Cooch-Behar's XI. CricketArchive does not.

Jack Newman – 5/94 (first match); 5/104, 4/34 (second match)


==== 1922–23 Indian domestic season ====
See above. Playfair and Wisden figures exclude these matches. CricketArchive includes them.

Wilfred Rhodes – 4 matches, 329 runs, 17 wickets


==== Other differences ====
Ewart Astill has 2,431 wickets in Wisden and 2,432 in CricketArchive
Jack White has 2,356 wickets in Wisden and 2,355 in CricketArchiveWhite's difference is sourced to Somerset v Surrey at Recreation Ground (Bath) in 1920. In the second innings, Wisden has Bill Hitch b White while CricketArchive has him b Jimmy Bridges.


== International cricket ==
Test cricket officially began in March 1877, but the term was applied retrospectively to the early matches, and there have also been instances of retrospective recognition since. 
A key point is that Test cricket is a form of first-class cricket, but is a different form of competition within the concept to, say, the County Championship or the Ranji Trophy. Although several international matches had taken place before 1890, it was not until then that the term "Test cricket" was coined by the Australian cricket chronicler Clarence Moody when compiling a list of matches in his Australian Cricket and Cricketers. Moody's list gained approval in Australia, and was then accepted by the leading English authority, C. W. Alcock, who quoted it in Cricket.Retrospective Test status has been granted to the West Indies v England series in 1929–30 and the 1945–46 match at Basin Reserve, Wellington between New Zealand and Australia. The 1929-30 West Indies tour is of particular importance, as it was at Kingston, Jamaica on 3 April 1930 that Andy Sandham scored 325: this is considered the first Test score of 300 or more, breaking the record of 287 set by R. E. Foster in 1903. Sandham's record was itself broken in England by Don Bradman at Headingley three months later; at the time, it was Bradman who was considered to have broken Foster's record.


== References ==


== Bibliography ==
Altham, H. S. (1962). A History of Cricket, Volume 1 (to 1914). George Allen & Unwin.
ACS (1982). A Guide to First-class Cricket Matches Played in the British Isles. ACS.
ACS. The Cricket Statistician (various editions). ACS.
Bill Frindall, The Kaye Book of Cricket Records, Kaye & Ward, 1968
Bill Frindall, Wisden Book of Cricket Records, Wisden, 1998 (4th edition)
Arthur Haygarth, Scores & Biographies, several volumes, Lillywhite, 1862 to 1871
James Lillywhite's Cricketers' Annual (Red Lilly), Lillywhite, 1872 to 1900 (reviews of seasons 1871 to 1899)
John Lillywhite's Cricketer's Companion (Green Lilly), Lillywhite, 1865 to 1885 (reviews of seasons 1864 to 1884)
Rae, Simon (1998). W. G. Grace: A Life. Faber & Faber. ISBN 978-0-571-17855-1.
Roy Webber, The Playfair Book of Cricket Records, Playfair Books, 1951
Roy Webber, The Book of Cricket Records, Playfair Books, 1963 (concise edition)
Wisden Cricketers' Almanack, 27th edition, editor Charles F. Pardon, John Wisden & Co., 1890
Wisden Cricketers' Almanack, 32nd edition, editor Sydney Pardon, John Wisden & Co., 1895
Wisden Cricketers' Almanack, 85th edition, editor Hubert Preston, Sporting Handbooks Ltd, 1948


== External links ==
Association of Cricket Statisticians and Historians
The official laws of cricket
Underneath the Colours is the second studio album by Australian rock band INXS. It was released in Australia in 19 October 1981 on the Deluxe Records label and reached No 15 on the Australian album charts.


== Background ==
In 1981, INXS signed Gary Grant as their tour manager, who then became co-manager a year later. Between touring commitments, the band released their third single in May 1981, "The Loved One", which was a cover of a 1966 song by Australian group The Loved Ones. The song was recorded at Studios 301 in Sydney, produced by Richard Clapton, and peaked in the Top 20.The success of the single led to Clapton and the band returning to Studios 301 between July and August 1981 to create their second studio album. The album was released on 19 October 1981 and became a hit in Australia peaking at No. 15.It was with this album that Michael Hutchence's songwriting started to mature and the band started to find a unique sound. Included were political songs and their very first ballad. It was released outside Australia and New Zealand in 1984, as the band were gaining momentum in their success.
Kirk Pengilly said of the album, "It was very difficult for us. We'd toured the first album and then we had to come up with a follow-up. We weren't really prepared for it and I think the album suffered a bit because of that." Alternately, Hutchence said he was very happy with the album: "The first album was a cheapie, but with this one we had time to spend. We had Richard Clapton producing and he was a big help. We looked at things from a straight studio perspective."The first single from the album was "Stay Young" in October, which reached No 21 on the Australian Singles chart in November, it was followed by "Night of Rebellion" in January 1982. In July 1982, INXS signed a new deal with WEA Australia for releases in Australia, South East Asia, Japan and New Zealand; with sister label Atco Records (a subsidiary of Atlantic Records) for North America and with PolyGram for United Kingdom and the rest of Europe.The cover is an uncredited linocut by British artist Cyril Power titled Folk Dance.


== Track listing ==


== Personnel ==
INXS

Michael Hutchence – vocals
Andrew Farriss – keyboards
Tim Farriss – guitars
Kirk Pengilly – guitars, saxophone, vocals
Garry Gary Beers – bass, vocals
Jon Farriss – drums, percussion, vocalsAdditional musicians

Keith Casey – percussion (3, 10)
Karen Ansel – backing vocals (1, 3)
Dave Mason – backing vocals (1, 3)Production

INXS – arrangements
Richard Clapton – producer
Alex Vertikoff – engineer
David Walsh – second engineer
Paul Ibbotson – mastering at Festival Studios (Sydney, Australia)
Art '79 – front cover artwork
Garry Gary Beers – photography
Jon Farriss – photography
Tim Farriss – photography


== Charts ==


== Notes ==
The Court of Civil Jurisdiction was a court established in the late 18th century, in the colony of New South Wales which subsequently became a state of Australia. The court had jurisdiction to deal with all civil disputes in the then fledgling colony. It was in operation between 1788, the date of establishment of the new colony, and 1814.


== Background ==
The British government established the colony of New South Wales primarily as a penal colony with the intention of encouraging later settlement. The colony's principal purpose was to house prisoners from Great Britain. Captain Arthur Phillip was appointed as the colony's first governor. The British authorities foresaw the need for a judicial system to be established in the colony to deal with civil matters. This was to be the present court, styled as the "Court of Civil Jurisdiction", and established by a charter, as well a Court of Vice-Admiralty pursuant to letters from the High Admiralty in Great Britain. In time, the colony would take to authorising justices of the peace to determine smaller debt claims that were taking up the time of these original civil courts established. The institution of these first courts in the then fledgling colony were important first steps in establishment of the rule of law in Australia.


== Constitution ==
The court was created by the First Charter of Justice, issued by King George III in the form of letters patent dated 2 April 1787. The Court of Civil Jurisdiction as established by the Charter was composed of the Deputy Judge Advocate of New South Wales, who was commonly known in the colony as the "judge-advocate", and two other persons appointed to the court by the Governor of New South Wales. The judge-advocate was the presiding officer.  The court had jurisdiction to hear and determine summarily actions relating to land, houses, debt, contract, trespass, and most other common law or equitable cases of any amount.
The court was abolished by the Second Charter of Justice, issued on 4 February 1814; it was replaced by the Supreme Court of Civil Judicature.


== Judge advocate ==

The first deputy judge-advocate was David Collins who held office from 1788 until 1796. He was temporarily replaced by Richard Bowyer Atkins until Richard Dore arrived in 1798. Dore was the first judge-advocate with legal qualifications. He died in 1800. Atkins was re-appointed and held office until late 1809, although he was temporarily deposed during the Rum Rebellion of 1808.
At the end of 1809, Ellis Bent, a barrister, arrived from England to take up the appointment as judge-advocate. He held the office until his death on 10 November 1815 and was the last judge-advocate to preside in the court before it was abolished when it was replaced by the Supreme Court of Civil Judicature, the Governors Court and Lieutenant Governor's Court.


== Case procedure ==


=== Commencing cases ===
A case was commenced by a complaint made in writing by the plaintiff. After lodging it with the judge advocate, the judge advocate would issue a warrant to the provost marshal stating the substance of the complaint. The provost marshal would then summon the defendant to appear before the court.
If the amount in dispute exceeded £10, the provost marshal was directed to bring the defendant personally into court. The defendant could instead provide bail for his or her appearance. In the latter case, the defendant was required to find security for the amount of the judgment and deliver it to the provost marshal.


=== Procedure in court ===
Proceedings would begin with the judge advocate administering an oath to each of the other officers of the court appointed by the governor for that sitting. The officers after having been sworn would then swear in the judge advocate. Witnesses on either side, but not the parties themselves were sworn and examined. This was common practice in English courts at the time. The evidence of the witnesses was taken down in writing and signed by them.
After all the evidence was given, the court would consider its judgment. The court's judgment was given "according to justice and right" and sometimes not according to the existing common law or the law on equity. For example, the first case before the court Cable v Sinclair involved two ex-convicts suing a master of a ship for loss of luggage. Under English law at the time, a criminal would be unable to sue in a court of law. However, the court in this case overlooked that and gave judgment in favour of the convicts.


=== After judgment ===
If a plaintiff was successful before the court, the plaintiff could obtain a warrant of execution against the defendant's goods and chattels (called fieri facias). This in effect allowed the provost marshal to seize the defendant's goods and sell them, subsequently paying the proceeds to the plaintiff. Alternatively, the defendant could be imprisoned until the debt and costs were satisfied. As in English law, the plaintiff was required to maintain the debtor in prison by paying what was called groats. The defendant could say on oath that he had no means of maintaining himself in prison. If this occurred, the plaintiff had to provide maintenance for him in prison according to the order of the Court. If the amount ordered by the court was not paid for one week, the debtor could be discharged from prison and also discharged from the debt.


=== Appeals ===
There was a right of appeal to the governor from a decision of the court. An appeal had to be lodged with the governor within eight days of the decision of the court. The governor sat on appeal with the judge advocate as an advisor.
If the appellant was unsuccessful before the governor and the amount involved exceeded £300 sterling, the unsuccessful appellant might go further by appealing to the British Privy Council. An appeal in that case had to be lodged within fourteen days. Only one recorded appeal from this court was heard by the Privy Council.


== Notable cases ==
The first civil case under English law in Australia was Cable v Sinclair, heard on 1 July 1788. David Collins was presiding as judge-advocate with the Reverend Richard Johnson and John White appointed as the other members of the court.
The case concerned the loss of baggage on the voyage of the First Fleet from England to Botany Bay and Port Jackson, now known as Sydney. After hearing evidence, the court found in favour of the plaintiff and awarded damages against the ship's master. Bruce Kercher notes that this decision goes against the then English principles of law relating to "convict attaint" which provides that a prisoner under sentence of death was unable to sue or hold property. Henry and Susannah Cable both were sentenced to death but had their sentence commuted to transportation, so under law, they were not entitled to sue.
Its other important cases are online.


== Legality ==
The legal status of the court has been debated. Under English law at the time, the monarch could only establish common law courts in settled lands, which the English had considered the colony of New South Wales to be. However, equitable and other types of courts could not be established except by an Act of Parliament made by the Imperial Parliament of Great Britain. This position was recognised by the Supreme Court of New South Wales in 1832 in Harris v. Riley [1832] NSWSupC 76 when the court under Chief Justice Francis Forbes held that the Court of Civil Jurisdiction did not have an equitable jurisdiction and that the decision of the court in that particular case was void.


== Abolition ==
The court had outlived its original purpose by the early 19th century. There was a growing clamour in the colony for a legally qualified judge to head the superior court of the colony. The settlement in Van Diemen's Land was also not being properly serviced by the court as the court sat only in Sydney. The court was loath to undertake the long journey to Hobart to conduct sittings.
Recommendations had been made by Ellis Bent to the British authorities along those lines for reform of the courts in the colony. In 1814, the British sovereign established three new courts to replace the court. These were the Supreme Court of Civil Judicature, the Governors Court and the Lieutenant Governor's Court. The court ceased sitting in 1814 as a result of the revocation of its charter.


== References ==


== Sources ==
History of New South Wales From the Records, Volume 1 – Governor Phillip 1783–1789 by George B Barton – Published 1889
Alex Castles, An Australian Legal History, Law Book Co, 1975.
Watkin Tench, A Complete Account of the Colony of New South Wales, https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/3534
David Collins, An Account of the English Colony in New South Wales, Volume 1, With Remarks on the Dispositions, Customs, Manners, Etc. of The Native Inhabitants of That Country. to Which Are Added, Some Particulars of New Zealand https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/12565
Bruce Kercher, Debt, Seduction and other Disasters: the Birth of Civil Law in Convict New South Wales, Federation Press, 1996.
"(Tonight We Just Might) Fall in Love Again" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Hal Ketchum. It was released in April 1994 as the first single from the album Every Little Word.  The song reached No. 20 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.  It was written by Ketchum and Al Anderson.


== Music video ==
The music video was directed by Sherman Halsey and premiered in May 1994.


== Chart performance ==
"(Tonight We Just Might) Fall in Love Again" debuted at number 66 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of April 23, 1994.


== References ==

== Life in the USSR before emigration ==
Efim Drabkin (Russian: Ефим Евелевич Драбкин), better known by his pen name Efraim Sevela (Russian: Эфраим Севела, Hebrew: אפרים סבלה) (8 March 1928, Babruysk, Belarus – 18 August 2010, Moscow) was a Soviet writer, screenwriter, director, producer, who after his emigration from the Soviet Union lived in Israel, US and Russia.
Efraim Sevela was born to Jewish parents. His father was an officer. During World War 2, him and his family were evacuated from the frontline in 1941. After finishing school Sevela was admitted into the Belarusian State University and became a screenwriter for many Soviet patriotic films. At the end of the 1960s, Sevela joined the Jewish Soviet dissidents, the so-called Refuseniks, and in 1971 was one of those occupying a Soviet government main building in Moskow, with the request that Soviet Jews be allowed to emigrate to Israel. Subsequently, he was granted permission to emigrate.


== Israel, 1971-1977 ==
While living in Israel, Sevela published a few books in Russian. Aссording to his own words, the 45-year-old Sevela participated in the Yom Kippur War where he was wounded. In his book Stop the Plane - I'll Get Off (1977), Sevela harshly criticises Israel's system of integrating Jewish immigrants and bureaucracy. 


== After Israel, 1977-1990 ==
In 1977 he left Israel for the United States. Efraim Sevela worked and lived in many cities such as London, Paris, and West Berlin.


== Return to the USSR and life in post-Soviet Russia ==
In 1990, Sevela returned to the USSR and, as a director, directed five films based on his own scripts - The Parrot Speaking Yiddish (1990), Noah's Ark (1992), Chopin's Nocturne (1992), Charity Ball (1993). In 1995, Ephraim Sevela made his last self-documentary, Lord, Who Am I?
In Moscow, he lived on Chernyakhovsky street, 3.
Ephraim Sevela died on August 18, 2010, in Moscow. He was buried at the Mitinsky cemetery.


== Works ==
After emigrating in 1971, he began his writing career, writing in Paris (on his way to Israel) a critically acclaimed book of short stories, Legends of Invalidnaya Street. Subsequently, he wrote several novels, short stories, screenplays, autobiographical prose. Among the published books are “Stop the Plane – I’ll Get Off”, “Monya Tsatskes the Standard Bearer”, “Mom”, “Viking”, “Toyota Corolla”, “Men’s Conversation in a Russian Bathhouse”, “Parrot Speaking Yiddish”, “Why there is no heaven on earth”, “I Love New York”, “Patriot with unwashed ears”, “Wisdom tooth”, “Sell your mother”, “Everything not in a human way”. The collected works of the writer in 6 volumes (1996) and a number of collections of selected works were published.
Ephraim Sevela turned to cinema again in 1986, shooting in Poland the film Lullaby (1986), consisting of three lyrical film novellas, united by the theme of life in the ghetto during the Second World War.


== Filmography ==
Screenwriter:

Annushka (1959)
Nashi sosedi (1957)
Krepkiy oreshek (1967)
Goden k nestroevoy (1968)Director:

Lullaby (1986) / Kołysanka / Колыбельная
The Parrot Speaking Yiddish (1990) / Попугай, говорящий на идиш
Noah's Ark (1992) / Ноев ковчег
Charity Ball (1993) / Благотворительный бал
The White Dunes (1996) / Белые дюныActor:

Noah's Ark (1992) / Ноев ковчегProducer:

Noah's Ark (1992) / Ноев ковчег
Charity Ball (1993) / Благотворительный бал


== Novels ==
Monya Tsatskes - Standard Bearer (1977, Jerusalem)
Farewell, Israel! (1977)
Stop the Plane - I'll Get Off (1977, Jerusalem)
Sell Your Mother (1981, Jerusalem)
We Were Not Like Other People
Toyota Corolla
Legends From Invalid Street (USA, 1971)
Truth is for Strangers
Why There is no Heaven on Earth
Odessa-Mama (2003, Russia)


== References ==


== External links ==
Efraim Sevela's works in Russian
Sultan Ali ibn al-Hassan Shirazi (Arabic: علي بن الحسن شيرازي) (c.10th century), was the founder of the Kilwa Sultanate. According to legend, Ali ibn al-Hassan Shirazi was one of seven sons of the Emir Al-Hassan of Shiraz, Persia, his mother an Abyssinian slave. His mother was not ethnically Habesha, but rather a slave from the Land of Abyssinia (most likely of Nilotic or bantu origin ) Upon his father's death, Ali was driven out of his inheritance by his warring brothers. Setting sail out of Hormuz, Ali ibn al-Hassan, his household and a small group of followers first made their way to Mogadishu, a commercial port on the East African coast. However, Ali failed to get along with the city's Somali elite and he was soon driven out of that city as well.
Steering down the African coast, Ali is said to have purchased the island of Kilwa from the local Bantu inhabitants. According to one chronicle, Kilwa was originally owned by a mainland Bantu king Almuli and connected by a small land bridge to the mainland that appeared in low tide. The king agreed to sell it to Ali ibn al-Hassan for as much colored cloth as could cover the circumference of the island. But when the king later changed his mind, and tried to take it back, they  had dug up the land bridge, and Kilwa was now an island.


== See also ==
Kilwa Sultanate
Shirazi people
Shirazi era
Shiraz
Swahili people


== References ==


== Sources ==
Horton, M. and J. Middleton (2000) The Swahili: the social landscape of a mercantile society, Oxford: Blackwell
Bandor-e Olya (Persian: بان درعليا, also Romanized as Bāndor-e ‘Olyā; also known as Bandarābād-e Bālā, Bāndarābād-e ‘Olyā, Bāyandor, and Bāyandor-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Mansuri Rural District, Homeyl District, Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 242, in 58 families.


== References ==
In missile guidance, line of sight (LOS) is the line directly between the launcher/tacker and the target, which must be in view. If the target is moving the missile is constantly manoeuvred to be on the line of sight as it changes, this results in the missile flying a curved path to the target (see command to line-of-sight).The same path is flown as in pursuit guidance but without the missile having a seeker. No ranger data is used in the control and no prediction of intercept location made.


== See also ==
Index of aviation articles


== Literature ==
Tactical and Strategic Missile Guidance, Paul Zarchan, American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics Inc.


== References ==
The First Annual Report is a bootleg album of music recorded by industrial music pioneers Throbbing Gristle in 1975. The recording originally went unreleased, and the band instead decided to release The Second Annual Report in 1977. This recording was first released unofficially in 1987 as Very Friendly through Spurt Records, before being issued prominently as The First Annual Report in 2001.


== Background ==
Throbbing Gristle's first album was recorded in 1975 but went unreleased. Instead, the band opted to release The Second Annual Report. According to AllMusic, "this legendary recording [...] reached an almost mythical status in the industrial music scene until its belated issue in 2001" as The First Annual Report.


== Release history ==
The recording has been bootlegged several times, released under titles such as Very Friendly and Final Muzak. Its most notable release came in 2001 as The First Annual Report, released in the UK through Yeaah! Records and in the US through Thirsty Ear.


== Critical reception and legacy ==
AllMusic editor Martin Walters called the album "a milestone in subversive music matched only by Lou Reed's Metal Machine Music". Walters also described it as "undeniably the most important advent in the roots of industrial music. [...] Practically every act within industrial music and its offshoots – be it Merzbow, Whitehouse, Ministry, Big Black or Godflesh – owes an incredible debt to the groundbreaking music of Throbbing Gristle." Pitchfork praised the album's originality, but gave it a low grade in terms of listenability. Pitchfork also commented that "This record is essentially the birth of industrial music, packed with samples, abrasive, irregular beats, manipulated loops and Cosey Fanni Tutti's often unrecognizable guitar. Nurse with Wound, Cabaret Voltaire, Einstürzende Neubauten, Skinny Puppy, Controlled Bleeding and Acid Bath are just a few of the outfits that owe a huge debt to Throbbing Gristle's unrelenting assault."


== Track listing ==


== References ==


== External links ==
The First Annual Report at Discogs (list of releases)
Małgorzata Chojnacka (born February 17, 1983, in Gorzów Wielkopolski) is a Polish sprint canoer who has competed since the late 2000s. She won a complete set of medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-2 1000 m: 2009), a silver (K-2 1000 m: 2007), and a bronze (K-4 500 m: 2007).
Chojnacka also competed in the K-1 500 m event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, but was eliminated in the semifinals.


== References ==
Canoe09.ca profile at the Wayback Machine (archived March 26, 2012)
ICF medalists for Olympic and World Championships – Part 1: flatwater (now sprint): 1936–2007 at the Wayback Machine (archived 2010-01-05)
ICF medalists for Olympic and World Championships – Part 2: rest of flatwater (now sprint) and remaining canoeing disciplines: 1936–2007 at WebCite (archived 2009-11-09)


== External links ==
Małgorzata Chojnacka at Olympics at Sports-Reference.com (archived)
Robb College is a residential college located within the University of New England in Armidale, NSW Australia. It provides alternative living arrangements to over 200 male and female students that come from different areas all over Australia. Students residing at Robb college, are colloqusalised as 'Robbers'. Apart from accommodation, residents eat meals with each other and there is a high level of social, academic and sporting culture that exists within the college which differentiates it from conventional living arrangements. Residents of the college study a diverse range of disciplines, particularly agricultures, law, business, education and nursing.


== History ==
Robb College, University of New England was founded in 1960, named after the first Registrar of the University of New England, William Menzies Robb. The college was originally established as a men's college, then in 1977 female students were accepted. The college is non-denominational. The architecture of the college is modernist, following the design of a traditionalist Oxford College quadrangle model. At the time of its founding, it was designed to house 206 male students and seven fellows.


=== Aims of the College ===
Robb College plays a significant role in the development of young adults throughout their college experience by offering both pastoral care and independence associated with adulthood. The college fosters the intellectual, social and personal growth of its residents, to encourage community spirit and scholarship through active participation, the expression of ideas, and the upholding of traditions that represent the history and enhance the integrity of Robb College


== Culture ==


=== Academics ===
The college fosters the academic growth and development of its students by placing strong emphasis on academic excellence to new coming 'fresher' students as well as returning men and women of the college. The 'Epigram-Whalley Academic Shield' is a competitive shield, that is award to the colleges annual academic dinner to the student who achieved the best academic results in the previous year. This competition is carried out with not only residents of Robb College but residents of St Albert's College, which is another residential college within the University of New England.


=== Sport ===
The college is renowned for its commitment in a variety of sports. The college plays in weekly sporting competitions with both other residential colleges within the University of New England and broader rugby clubs in the area. Some sports that the college offers are; rugby, netball, hockey, women's touch 7s, basketball, soccer, mixed netball, and water polo. The colleges first year students, known as 'Fresher's' compete in competitive matches through the year with St Albert's College Fresher's. The Mary Bagnall Trophy (Women's competition), and the President's Trophy (Male Competition) are weekly, inter-collegiate competitions held throughout the year between various colleges within the University of New England. Points are accumulated for the winners of each game and at the end of the year, the college with the most points win the respective competition.


=== Charity ===
Each year Robb College chooses a charity for which the college supports throughout the duration of the academic year. Charities are usually ones that have affected students, meaning that there is usually much support for the chosen charity. In 2017, the college raised $50,000 in support of the Burrumbuttock Hay Runners, to help farmers struggling in the hardships of drought.


== Robb Foundation ==
The Robb Foundation was founded in 1987 and exists to support students wanting to complete their degrees and attend Robb College at the University of New England. The do this by raising funds for scholarships for prospective students, boost career opportunities through linkages with Robb College alumni, and coordinate leadership coaching and management skills for college scholars and students.


== Leadership ==
The college is run by a team of professional and student leadership team. The Head of College is Greg Mills. Leadership is made out of both the Senior and Junior Common Room. The Senior Common Room are older members of the college often encompassing a more pastoral care role, as well as academic tutorial role. The Junior Common Room is made up of undergraduate students in their first, second and third years and has a team of older undergraduate student leaders that govern the student life of the college.


== Architecture controversy ==
Since 2014, controversy has arisen regarding the demolition of sectors of building in Robb College for the reconstruction of a more contemporary college that has been said to better suit the needs of residential students in the 21st century. One of the building's has been empty since 2014, when students were relocated to other university colleges. The University of New England held plans to refurbish the college while the Heritage Council of New South Wales decided or not to declare the building as part of the heritage list. In December 2017, the decision was made that it would not be declared on the heritage listing as part of reasons made by the university that the building had failed across a variety of repair, safety and hazardous issues.Such plans to redevelop have been met with criticism, especially those who are interested in the architectural heritage of the college.  The value of Robb College's architectural heritage stems from a number of buildings that include the dining hall, residential courtyards, basalt stones that were used in the construction of the original buildings and much more. Yet, the university claims that the cheap building materials that were originally used in the construction of the college during the 1960s have been subject to decades of decay and expanding accommodation requirements of new prospective students have left the university and the college itself no choice but to proceed with plans to renew and develop the college. Robb College has spent decades reviewing and assessing the colleges future, establishing a balance between the future economics of the college whilst simultaneously trying to hold onto its past heritage. Petitions have been established to try and protect the college from the developments, stating that the buildings should be protected under the NSW Heritage Council.


== References ==
Eggertsville is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) within the town of Amherst in Erie County, New York, United States. The population of the CDP was 15,019 at the 2010 census.Eggertsville is part of the Buffalo-Niagara Falls metropolitan area.


== Geography ==
Eggertsville is located at 42°57′47″N 78°48′13″W (42.96314, -78.80364), in the southwestern corner of the town of Amherst, directly adjacent to the northeast corner of the city of Buffalo. As delineated by the U.S. Census Bureau, the northern boundary of the CDP is New York State Route 324, and the eastern boundary is formed by Getzville Road and Berryman Drive. The southern and western borders of the CDP follow the town boundary of Amherst.
New York State Route 5, Main Street, passes through the CDP, leading southwest to the center of Buffalo and east towards Williamsville in the town of Amherst.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of 2.9 square miles (7.4 km2), all land.


== References ==


== External links ==
Eggertsville-Snyder Branch, Buffalo & Erie County Public Library
Carpets of Middle-Eastern origin, either from Anatolia, Persia, Armenia, Levant, the Mamluk state of Egypt or Northern Africa, were used as decorative features in Western European paintings from the 14th century onwards. More depictions of Oriental carpets in Renaissance painting survive than actual carpets contemporary with these paintings. Few Middle-Eastern carpets produced before the 17th century remain, though the number of these known has increased in recent decades. Therefore, comparative art-historical research has from its onset in the late 19th century relied on carpets represented in datable European paintings.


== Art historical background ==
Activities of scientists and collectors beginning in the late 19th century have substantially increased the corpus of surviving Oriental carpets, allowing for more detailed comparison of existing carpets with their painted counterparts. Western comparative research resulted in an ever more detailed cultural history of the Oriental art of carpet weaving. This has in turn renewed and inspired the scientific interest in their countries of origin. Comparative research based on Renaissance paintings and carpets preserved in museums and collections continues to contribute to the expanding body of art historical and cultural knowledge.
The tradition of precise realism among Western painters of the late 15th and 16th century provides pictorial material which is often detailed enough to justify conclusions about even minute details of the painted carpet. The carpets are treated with exceptional care in the rendering of colors, patterns, and details of form and design: The painted texture of a carpet depicted in Petrus Christus's Virgin and Child, the drawing of the individual patterns and motifs, and the way the pile opens where the carpet is folded over the steps, all suggest that the depicted textile is a pile-woven carpet.
Visually, the carpets serve to draw attention either to an important person, or to highlight a location where significant action is going on. In parallel with the development of Renaissance painting, initially mainly Christian saints and religious scenes are set out on the carpets. Later on, the carpets were integrated into secular contexts, but always served to represent the idea of opulence, exoticism, luxury, wealth, or status. First, their use was reserved for the most powerful and most wealthy, for royalty and nobility. Later, as more people gained sufficient wealth to afford goods of luxury, Oriental carpets appeared on the portraits of merchants and wealthy burghers. During the late 17th and 18th century, the interest in depicting carpets declined. In parallel, the paintings pay less attention to detail.
The richly designed Oriental carpets appealed strongly to Western painters. The rich and various colours may have influenced the great Venetian painters of the Quattrocento. It has been suggested that the pictorial representation of carpets is linked to the development of the linear perspective, which was first described by Leon Battista Alberti in 1435.The depiction of Oriental carpets in Renaissance paintings is regarded as an important contribution to a "world history of art", based upon interactions of different cultural traditions. Rugs from the Islamic world arrived in large numbers in Western Europe by the 15th century, which is increasingly recognized as a pivotal temporal nexus in the cultural encounters that contributed to the development of Renaissance ideas, arts, and sciences. Intensified contacts, especially the increasing trade between the Islamic world and Western Europe, have provided material sources and cultural influences to Western artists during the next centuries to come. In turn, European market demands also affected the carpet production in their countries of origin.


== Origin and limitations of the comparative approach ==
In 1871, Julius Lessing published his book on Oriental carpet design. He was relying more on European paintings than on the examination of actual carpets for lack of material, because ancient Oriental carpets were not yet collected at the time when he worked on his book. Lessing's approach has proven very useful to establish a scientific chronology of Oriental carpet weaving, and was further elaborated and expanded mainly by scholars of the "Berlin school" of History of Islamic art: Wilhelm von Bode, and his successors Friedrich Sarre, Ernst Kühnel, and Kurt Erdmann developed the "ante quem" method for the dating of oriental carpets based on Renaissance paintings.
These art historians were also aware of the fact that their scientific approach was biased: Only carpets produced by manufactories were exported to Western Europe, and consequently were available to the Renaissance artists. Village or nomadic rugs did not reach Europe during the Renaissance, and were not depicted in paintings. Not until the mid twentieth century, when collectors like Joseph V. McMullan or James F. Ballard recognized the artistic and art historic value of village or nomadic carpets, were they appreciated in the Western World.


== Characteristics ==

Pile carpets with geometric design are known to have been produced from the 13th century among the Seljuks of Rum in eastern Anatolia, whom Venice had had commercial relations since 1220. The Medieval trader and traveler Marco Polo himself mentioned that the carpets produced at Konya were the best in the world:

...et ibi fiunt soriani et tapeti pulchriores de mundo et pulchrioris coloris.
"...and here they make the most beautiful silks and carpets in the world, and with the most beautiful colours."
Carpets were also produced in Islamic Spain, and one is shown in a fresco of the 1340s in the Palais des Papes, Avignon. The vast majority of carpets in 15th- and 16th-century paintings are either from the Ottoman Empire, or possibly European copies of these types from the Balkans, Spain, or elsewhere.  In fact these were not the finest Islamic carpets of the period, and few of the top-quality Turkish "court" carpets are seen.  Even finer than these, Persian carpets do not appear until the end of the 16th century, but become increasingly popular among the very wealthy in the 17th century.  The very refined Mamluk carpets from Egypt are occasionally seen, mostly in Venetian paintings.One of the first uses of an Oriental carpet in a European painting is Simone Martini's Saint Louis of Toulouse Crowning Robert of Anjou, King of Naples, painted in 1316–1319. Another Anatolian animal carpet appears in a c. 1340–45 Sienese panel of the Holy Family attributed to Pietro or Ambrogio Lorenzetti (Abegg-Stiftung, Riggisberg) with alternating black and white animals within colorful octagonal medallions. European depictions of Oriental carpets were extremely faithful to the originals, judging by comparison with the few surviving examples of actual rugs of contemporary date.  Their larger scale also allows more detailed and accurate depictions than those shown in miniature paintings from Turkey or Persia.
Most carpets use Islamic geometric designs, with the earliest ones also using animal patterns such as the originally Chinese-inspired "phoenix-and-dragon", as in Domenico di Bartolo's Marriage of the Foundlings (1440).  These had been stylised and simplified into near-geometric motifs in their transmission to the Islamic world. The whole group, referred to in the literature as "animal rugs" disappeared from paintings by about the end of the 15th century.  Only a handful of original animal-pattern carpets survive, two from European churches, where their rarity presumably preserved them.  The "Marby rug", one of the finest examples, was preserved in a church of the Swedish town of Marby, and a bold adaptation of an originally Chinese "dragon and phoenix" motif is in Berlin. Both are rugs, less than 2 metres long, and about 1 metre wide, with two compartments, though the Berlin carpet lacks a border down one long side. The "Dragon and Phoenix" and the "Marby" rugs were the only existing examples of animal carpets known until 1988. Since then, seven more carpets of this type have been found. They survived in Tibetan monasteries and were removed by monks fleeing to Nepal during the Chinese cultural revolution. One of these carpets was acquired by the Metropolitan Museum of Art, which parallels a painting by the Sienese artist Gregorio di Cecco, The Marriage of the Virgin, 1423. It shows large confronted animals, each with a smaller animal inside.
Although the carpets were displayed on a public floor in a few examples, most carpets on the floor are in an area reserved for the main protagonists, very often on a dais or in front of an altar, or down steps in front of the Virgin Mary or saints, or rulers, in the manner of a modern red carpet.  This presumably reflected the contemporary practice of royalty; in Denmark the 16th century Persian Coronation Carpet is used under the throne for coronations to this day.  They are also often hung over balustrades or out of windows for festive occasions, such as the processions through Venice shown by Vittore Carpaccio or Gentile Bellini (see gallery); when Carpaccio's St Ursula embarks they are hung over the sides of boats and footbridges.Oriental carpets were often depicted as a decorative element in religious scenes, and were a symbol of luxury, status and taste, although they were becoming more widely available throughout the period, which is reflected in the paintings. In some cases, such as paintings by Gentile Bellini, the carpets reflect an early Orientalist interest, but for most painters they merely reflect the prestige of the carpets in Europe.  A typical example is the Turkish carpet at the feet of the Virgin Mary in the 1456–1459 San Zeno Altarpiece by Andrea Mantegna (see detail).Non-royal portrait sitters were more likely to place their carpet on a table or other piece of furniture, especially in Northern Europe, though small rugs beside a bed are not uncommon, as in the Arnolfini Portrait of 1434.  Carpets are seen on tables in particular in Italian scenes showing the Calling of Matthew, when he was engaged in his work as a tax-collector, and the life of Saint Eligius, who was a goldsmith.  Both are shown sitting doing business at a carpet-covered table or shop counter.
The Oriental carpets used in Italian Renaissance painting had various geographical origins, designated in contemporary Italy by different names: the cagiarini (Mamluk design from Egypt), the damaschini (Damascus region), the barbareschi (North Africa), the rhodioti (probably imported through Rome), the turcheschi (Ottoman Empire) and the simiscasa (Circassian or Caucasian).Some of the prayer carpets represented in Christian religious paintings are Islamic prayer rugs, with such motifs as the mihrab or the Kaaba (the so-called re-entrant carpets, later called the "Bellini" type). The representation of such prayer rugs disappeared after 1555, probably as a consequence of the realization of their religious meaning and connection to Islam.The depiction of Oriental carpets in paintings other than portraits generally declined after the 1540s, corresponding to a decline in the taste for highly detailed representation of objects (Detailism) among painters, and grander classicising surrounds for hieratic religious images.


== Carpet patterns named after artists ==

When Western scholars explored the history of Islamic carpetmaking, several types of carpet pattern became conventionally called after the names of European painters who had used them, and these terms remain in use.  The classification is mostly that of Kurt Erdmann, once Director of the Museum für Islamische Kunst (Berlin), and the leading carpet scholar of his day.  Some of these types ceased to be produced several centuries ago, and the location of their production remains uncertain, so obvious alternative terms were not available.  The classification ignores the border patterns, and distinguishes between the type, size and arrangement of gul, or larger motifs in the central field of the carpet.  In addition to four types of Holbein carpets, there are Bellini carpets, Crivellis, Memlings, and Lotto carpets.  These names are somewhat random: many artists painted these types, and single artists often painted many types of carpets.


=== Bellini carpets ===
Both Giovanni Bellini and his brother Gentile (who visited Istanbul in 1479) painted examples of prayer rugs with a single "re-entrant" or keyhole motif at the bottom of a larger figure traced in a thin border.  At the top end the borders close diagonally to a point, from which hangs down a "lamp".  The design had Islamic significance, and its function seems to have been recognised in Europe, as they were known in English as "musket" carpets, a corruption of "mosque". In the Gentile Bellini seen at top the rug is the "right" way round; often this is not the case.  Later Ushak prayer rugs where both ends have the diagonal pointed inner border, as at the top only of Bellini rugs, are sometimes known as "Tintoretto" rugs, though this term is not as commonly used as the others mentioned here.


=== Crivelli carpets ===
Carlo Crivelli twice painted what seems to be the same small rug, with the centre taken up with a complex sixteen-pointed star motif made up of several compartments in different colours, some containing highly stylised animal motifs. Comparable actual carpets are extremely rare, but there are two in Budapest.  The Annunciation of 1482 in the Städel museum in Frankfurt shows it at the top, and the same carpet seems to be used in the Annunciation, with Saint Emidius in the National Gallery, London (1486), which shows the type hung over a balcony to the top left, and a different type of carpet over another balcony in the right foreground.  These seem to be a transitional type between the early animal-pattern carpets and later purely geometrical designs, such as the Holbein types, perhaps reflecting increased Ottoman enforcement of Islamic aniconism.


=== Memling carpets ===
 
These are named after Hans Memling, who painted several examples of what may have been Armenian carpets in the last quarter of the fifteenth century, and are characterised by several lines coming off the motifs that end in "hooks", by coiling in on themselves through two or three 90° turns.  Another example appears in a miniature painted for René of Anjou about 1460.


=== Holbein carpets ===

These in fact are seen in paintings from many decades earlier than Holbein, and are sub-divided into four types (of which Holbein actually only painted two); they are the commonest designs of Anatolian rug seen in Western Renaissance paintings, and continued to be produced for a long period.  All are purely geometric and use a variety of arrangements of lozenges, crosses and octagonal motifs within the main field. The sub-divisions are between:
Type I: Small-pattern Holbein. This type is defined by an infinite repeat of small patterns, with alternating rows of octagons and staggered rows of diamonds, as seen in Holbein the Younger's Portrait of Georg Gisze (1532), or the Somerset House Conference (1608).
Type II: now more often called Lotto carpets - see below.
Type III: Large-pattern Holbein. The motifs in the field inside the border consist of one or two large squares filled with octagons, placed regularly, and separated from each other and from the borders by narrow stripes. There are no secondary "gul" motifs. The carpet in Holbein's The Ambassadors is of this type.
Type IV: Large-pattern Holbein. Large, square, star-filled compartments are combined with secondary, smaller squares containing octagons or other "gul" motifs. In contrast to the other types, which only contain patterns of equal scale, the type IV Holbein shows subordinate ornaments of unequal scale.


=== Lotto carpets ===

These were previously known as "small-pattern Holbein Type II", but he never painted one, unlike Lorenzo Lotto, who did so several times, though he was not the first artist to show them.  Lotto is also documented as owning a large carpet, though its pattern is unknown.  They were primarily produced during the 16th and 17th centuries along the Aegean coast of Anatolia, but also copied in various parts of Europe, including Spain, England and Italy.  They are characterized by a lacy arabesque, usually in yellow on a red ground, often with blue details.Though they look very different from Holbein Type I carpets, they are a development of the type, where the edges of the motifs, nearly always in yellow on a red ground, take off in rigid arabesques somewhat suggesting foliage, and terminating in branched palmettes.  The type was common and long-lasting, and is also known as "Arabesque Ushak".To judge from paintings, they reached Italy by 1516, Portugal about a decade later, and northern Europe, including England, by the 1560s. They continue to appear in paintings until about the 1660s, especially in the Netherlands.


=== Ghirlandaio carpets ===

A carpet closely related to the 1483 painting by Domenico Ghirlandaio was found by A. Boralevi in the Evangelical church, Hâlchiu (Heldsdorf) in Transylvania, attributed to Western Anatolia, and dated to the late 15th century.The general design of the Ghirlandaio type, as in the 1486 painting, is related to Holbein Type 1. It is defined by one or two central medallions of diamond shape, consisting of an octagon within a square, from whose sides triangular, curvilinear patterns arise. Carpets with this medallion have been woven in the Western Anatolian region of Çanakkale since the 16th century. A carpet fragment with a Ghirlandaio medallion was found in the Divriği Great Mosque, and dated to the 16th century. Carpets with similar medallions were dated to the 17th, 18th and 19th century, respectively, and are still woven in the Çanakkale region today.
In his essay on "Centralized Designs", Thompson relates the central medallion pattern of oriental carpets to the "lotus pedestal" and "cloud collar (yun chien)" motifs, used in the art of Buddhist Asia. The origin of the design thus dates back to pre-Islamic times, probably Yuan time China. Brüggemann and Boehmer further elaborate that it might have been introduced to Western Anatolia by the Seljuk, or Mongol invaders in the 11th or 13th century.  In contrast to the manifold variation of patterns seen in other carpet types, the Ghirlandaio medallion design has remained largely unaltered from the 15th to the 21st century, and thus exemplifies an unusual continuity of a woven carpet design within a specific region.


=== Van Eyck and Petrus Christus: Painted carpets without surviving counterparts ===
The Netherlandish painters Jan van Eyck, in his Paele Madonna, Lucca Madonna, and the Dresden Triptych, and Petrus Christus in his Virgin and Child Enthroned with Saints Jerome and Francis have painted four different carpets, three of them of a similar design. By the realism of the depictions, these are pile-woven carpets. No directly comparable carpets have survived.The carpet pattern depicted on van Eyck's Paele Madonna could be traced back to late Roman origins and related to early Islamic floor mosaics found in the Umayyad palace of Khirbat al-Mafjar.Similar, but not identical carpets appear in the Lucca Madonna, Dresden triptych, and Virgin and Child with Saints paintings which show a predominantly geometric design with a lozenge composition in infinite repeat, built up from fine bands which connect eight-pointed stars. Yetkin has identified an Anatolian carpet with a similar, but more advanced lozenge design (Yetkin, 1981, plate 47 in the Mevlana Museum, Konya, dated to the 17th century. She relates these carpets to 19th century Caucasian "Dragon" rugs with a similar lozenge design (p. 71), and claims that carpets of a type as depicted by van Eyck and Petrus Christus are early Anatolian forerunners to the later Caucasian design.
The main borders of the carpets in the Paele and Lucca Madonna, as well as in Virgin and Child with Saints however, each show a non-Oriental undulating trefoil stem. Similar ornaments can be found in the borders of many carpets in Early Netherlandish paintings from the 15th to the beginning of the 16th century. The fringes of these carpets are often found at the sides of the painted carpets, not at the upper and lower ends. Either did the carpets have an uncommonly square shape, or maybe the artists have used some license and improvised with the authentic models. Alternatively, the carpets depicted by van Eyck and Petrus Christus could be of Western European manufacture. The undulating trefoil design is a well-known feature of Western Gothic ornament.


== Specific carpet types ==


=== Mamluk and Ottoman Cairene carpets ===
From the middle of the 15th century onwards, a type of carpet was produced in Egypt which is characterized by a dominant central medallion, or three to five medallions in a row along the vertical axis. Numerous smaller ornaments are placed around the medallions, such as eight-pointed stars, or small ornaments composed of stylized floral elements.  The innumerable small geometric and floral ornaments give a kaleidoscopic impression. Sixty of these carpets were given to the English cardinal Thomas Wolsey in exchange for a license for Venetian merchants to import wine to England. The earliest known painting representing a Mamluk carpet is Giovanni Bellinis Portrait of the Doge of Venice Loredan and his four advisers from 1507. A French master depicted The Three De Coligny brothers in 1555. Another representation can be found on Ambrosius Frankens The Last Supper, about 1570. The large medallion is depicted in a way that it forms the nimbus of the head of Christ. The characteristic Mamluk carpet ornaments are clearly visible. Ydema has documented a total of sixteen dateable representations of Mamluk carpets.After the 1517 Ottoman conquest of the Mamluk Sultanate in Egypt, two different cultures merged, as is seen on Mamluk carpets woven after this date. After the conquest of Egypt, the Cairene weavers adopted an Ottoman Turkish design. The production of these carpets continued in Egypt into the early 17th century. A carpet of the Ottoman Cairene type is depicted in Ludovicus Finsonius' painting The Annunciation. Its border design and guard borders are the same as a carpet in the Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam. A similar carpet has been depicted by Adriaen van der Venne in Geckie met de Kous, 1630. Peter Paul Rubens and Jan Brueghel the Elders Christ in the House of Mary and Martha, 1628, shows the characteristic S-stems ending in double sickle-shaped lancet leaves. Various carpets of the Ottoman Cairene type are depicted in Moretto da Brescias frescoes in the "Sala delle Dame" at the Palazzo Salvadego in Brescia, Italy.

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		


=== "Chequerboard" or Compartment carpets from the 17th century ===
An extremely rare group of carpets, "chequerboard" carpets were assumed to be a later and derivative continuum of the Mamluk and Ottoman Cairene group of carpets. Only about 30 of these carpets survived. They are distinguished by their design composed of rows of squares with triangles in each corner enclosing a star pattern. All "chequerboard" carpets have borders with cartouches and lobed medallions. Their attribution is still under debate. The colours and patterns resemble those seen in Mamluk carpets; however, they are "S-spun" and "Z-twisted" and thus similar to early Armenian carpets. Since the early days of carpet science they are attributed to Damascus. Pinner and Franses champion this attribution because Syria was part first of the Mamluk, later of the Ottoman Empire at that time. This would explain the similarities with the colours and patterns of the Cairene carpets. The current dating of the "chequerboard" carpets is also consistent with European collection inventories from the early 17th century. Carpets of the "chequerboard" type are depicted on Pietro Paolinis (1603−1681) Self portrait, as well as on Gabriël Metsus painting The musical party.


=== Large Ushak (star and medallion) carpets ===
In contrast to the relatively large number of surviving carpets of this type, relatively few of them are represented in Renaissance paintings.Star Ushak carpets were often woven in large formats. As such, they represent a typical product of higher organized, town manufacture. They are characterized by large dark blue star shaped primary medallions in infinite repeat on a red ground field containing a secondary floral scroll. The design was likely influenced by northwest Persian book design, or by Persian carpet medallions. As compared to the medallion Ushak carpets, the concept of the infinite repeat in star Ushak carpets is more accentuated and in keeping with the early Turkish design tradition. Because of their strong allusion to the infinite repeat, the star Ushak design can be used on carpets of various size and in many varying dimensions.
Medallion Ushak carpets usually have a red or blue field decorated with a floral trellis or leaf tendrils, ovoid primary medallions alternating with smaller eight-lobed stars, or lobed medallions, intertwined with floral tracery. Their border frequently contains palmettes on a floral and leaf scroll, and pseudo-kufic characters.The best known representation of a Medallion Ushak was painted in 1656 by Vermeer in his painting The Procuress. It is placed horizontally; the upper or lower end with the star-shaped corner medallion can be seen. Under the woman's hand which holds the glass, a part of a characteristic Ushak medallion can be seen. The carpet seen on Vermeer's The Music Lesson, Girl Reading a Letter at an Open Window, and The Concert hardly show any differences in the details of the design or the weaving structure indicate that all three pictures might trace back to one single carpet Vermeer might have had at his studio. The paintings by Vermeer, Steen, and Verkolje depict a special type of Ushak carpet of which no surviving counterpart is known. It is characterized by its rather sombre colours, coarse weaving, and patterns with a more degenerated curvilinear design.

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		


=== Persian and Anatolian carpets in the 17th century ===

Carpets remained an important way of enlivening the background of full-length portraits throughout the 16th and 17th centuries, for example in the English portraits of William Larkin.The finely-knotted silk carpets woven in the time of Shah Abbas I at Kashan and Isfahan are rarely represented in paintings, as they were doubtless very unusual in European homes; however, A Lady playing the Theorbo by Gerard Terborch (Metropolitan Museum of Art,  14.40.617) shows such a carpet laid upon the table on which the lady's cavalier is sitting. Floral "Isfahan" carpets of the Herat type, on the other hand, were exported in great numbers to Portugal, Spain, and the Netherlands, and are often represented in interiors painted by Velásquez, Rubens, Van Dyck, Vermeer, Terborch, de Hooch, Bol and Metsu, where the dates established for the paintings provide a yardstick for establishing the chronology of the designs.Anthony van Dyck's royal and aristocratic subjects had mostly progressed to Persian carpets, but less wealthy sitters are still shown with the Turkish types. The 1620 Portrait of Abraham Graphaeus by Cornelis de Vos, and Thomas de Keyser's Portrait of an unknown man (1626) and Portrait of Constantijn Huyghens and his clerk (1627) are amongst the earliest paintings depicting a new type of Ottoman Turkish manufactory carpet, which was exported to Europe in large quantities, probably in order to meet the increasing demand. A large number of similar carpets were preserved in Transylvania, which was an important center of Armenian carpet trade during the 15th–19th century. Many Armenians left their homes in Western Armenia ruled by Ottoman Turkey and founded craft centers of carpet weaving in Gherla, Transylvania. Hence, carpets of this type are known by a term of convenience as "Transylvanian carpets". Pieter de Hoochs 1663 painting Portrait of a family making music depicts an Ottoman prayer rug of the "Transylvanian" type. In the American colonies, Isaac Royall and his family were painted by Robert Feke in 1741, posed round a table spread with a Bergama rug.From the mid-century European direct trade with India brought Mughal versions of Persian patterns to Europe.  Painters of the Dutch Golden Age showed their skill by depiction of light effects on table-carpets, like Vermeer in his Music Lesson (Royal Collection).  By this date they have become common in the homes of the reasonably well-to-do, as is shown by historical documentation of inventories. Carpets are sometimes depicted in scenes of debauchery from the prosperous Netherlands.By the end of the century, Oriental carpets had lost much of their status as prestige objects, and the grandest sitters for portraits were more likely to be shown on the high-quality Western carpets, like Savonneries, now being produced, whose less intricate patterns were also easier to depict in a painterly manner. A number of Orientalist European painters continued to accurately depict Oriental carpets, now usually in Oriental settings.

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		


== Perception of Oriental carpets during the Renaissance ==
The perception of Oriental carpets during the Renaissance is characterized by three main aspects: 

Due to their perceived rarity, preciousness and strangeness, Oriental carpets were depicted as a background for saints and religious scenes. Later on, the religious iconography was taken over by politically powerful persons in order to assert their status and power.
Oriental carpets were more generally perceived as a rare commodity, and objects of luxury and decoration. From the mid 16th century onwards, the iconological context sometimes extended towards the idea of profligacy or vanity.
When contacts, often of a violent nature, grew closer between the Islamic world and Europe, Oriental carpets were sometimes used as a symbol of Christian self-assertion.In any case, Oriental carpets were used in Western Europe in different ways and contexts than in the Islamic world, and their original cultural context was never fully understood.


=== Sacred Ground – or "Christian Oriental Carpets"? ===
Oriental carpets appear for the first time on early Renaissance paintings of the late 12th century. In most cases the carpets serve as a background for religious scenes. Saints were depicted enthroned or standing on carpets, thus being elated, and separated from their surroundings. Ordinary people, often the donors of the painting, were sometimes allowed to participate in the atmosphere of holiness by depicting them near the holy person, or literally kneeling or standing "on the same carpet" as the saint. This context is still understood and at times used today.The exact interpretation of the religious context has been proposed by Volkmar Gantzhorn in 1998. He compared in detail the patterns and symbols of both the Renaissance paintings and surviving carpets with ancient ornaments, for example with Armenian illuminated manuscripts. He concluded that the majority of the surviving and painted carpets alike were produced by Christian Armenian weavers. The hidden Christian symbolism of the carpet patterns had therefore made the so-called "Christian oriental carpets" appropriate adornments for Western European Christian churches. Following this hypothesis, the lack of contemporary Western European written sources, which could otherwise provide independent evidence to support Gantzhorn's claims, is explained by the fact that the knowledge of the hidden symbols was subject to oral tradition, and restricted to a small religious élite. The Armenian genocide had led to the loss of the oral tradition, and, subsequently, to an incorrect "Islamic" attribution of the carpets by the majority of Western art historians. The debate about Gantzhorn's hypotheses, which is at times conducted polemically and not entirely free of nationalistic constraints, is still ongoing. And it's high time to announce the real story of rugs/carpets to the world and present the first ancient rug found in Pazyryk as an ancient Armenian rag woven by fine and talented Armenian masters in the 5th century BC. When chemists and dye specialists of the Hermitage Museum examined the Pazyryk carpet for various substances, it has been concluded that the red threads used in the carpet were colored with a dye made from the Armenian cochineal, which was anciently found on the Ararat plains. Moreover, the technique used to create the Pazyryk carpet is consistent with the Armenian double knot technique.


=== Objects of luxury and decoration ===
We do not understand exactly how Renaissance artists thought about the Oriental carpets they were depicting. We know that the Venetian Piazza San Marco was adorned with carpets hanging from the windows of the surrounding palaces and houses on special occasions. Like the beautiful ladies looking out of the windows, the carpets function as a decorative framework, and highlight the important action which is going on. Similar to the inaccurate pseudo-kufic writing in contemporary paintings, the European artists borrowed something from another culture which they, essentially, did not understand.
In a series of letters from Venice dated 18 August – 13 October 1506, the German painter Albrecht Dürer tells his friend Willibald Pirckheimer about his efforts to buy two carpets for him in Venice:

Vnd dy 2 tebich will mir Anthoni Kolb awff daz hubschpt, preytest vnd wolfeillest helfen khawffen. So jch sy hab, will jch sy dem jungen Im Hoff geben, daz er ys ewch einschlache. Awch will jch sehen noch den kranchs federen."Anthoni Kolb will help me buying 2 carpets, the nicest, broadest and cheapest [we can get]. As soon as I have them, I will hand them over to the young Im Hoff, and he will prepare them for transport. I will look for crane feathers as well."
(18 August 1506)
Jtem allen fleis hab jch an kertt mit den tewichen, kan aber kein preiten an kumen. Sy sind al schmall vnd lang. Aber noch hab jch altag forschung dornoch, awch der Anthoni Kolb.
"I've done all I could with the carpets, but I cannot get any of the broad ones. They are all narrow and oblong. I'm continuing my search every day, Anthoni Kolb as well."
(8 September 1506)
Jch hab awch zwen dewich bestelt, dy würd jch morgen tzalen. Aber jch hab sy nit wolfell kunen kawffen.
"I've ordered two carpets, and will pay for them tomorrow. But I could not buy at a cheap price."

(13 October 1506)
Dürer was buying various exotic luxury goods for Pirckheimer in Venice, and he mentions the two carpets amongst gold, jewels, and crane feathers. We do not know if Dürer in any way attributed artistic value to these carpets. No Oriental carpets were ever depicted by Dürer.A very common type of genre painting of the Dutch Golden Age and Flemish Baroque, the so-called Merry Company type of painting, depicts a group of people enjoying themselves, usually seated with drinks, and often music-making. In these pictures, Oriental carpets often cover and decorate the table, or are spread over the furniture. As such, they either underline the wealth and respectability of the portrayed, or add a context of exoticism and profligacy to brothel scenes, or scenes of debauchery.By the 16th century, Oriental carpets were often depicted in still life paintings. Assorted valuable, exotic objects like Chinese porcelain bowls and animals like parrots are depicted, often with an allegorical meaning, or symbolizing "vanitas", the futility of human life. The allusion to futility is made apparent by the inclusion of symbols like a human skull, or inscriptions quoting the biblical book of Ecclesiastes 1:2;12:8. As early as 1533, Hans Holbein's painting The Ambassadors prominently shows an anamorphic projection of a human skull. Objects in still life paintings, regardless of their allegorical meaning, are often placed on precious velvet table cloths, marble plates, or Oriental carpets. As such, Oriental carpets are treated similar to other precious objects or materials, the focus being on their material value and decorative effect.


=== Objects of European self-assertion ===
In September 1479 the Venetian painter Gentile Bellini was sent by the Venetian Senate as a cultural ambassador to Sultan Mehmed the Conqueror's new Ottoman capital Constantinople as part of the peace settlement between Venice and the Turks. Vasari wrote that Bellini "portrayed the Emperor Mahomet from the life so well, that it was held a miracle". The dating and authorship of the portrait by Bellini have been placed in question, however, Bellini is the first great Renaissance painter who actually visited an Islamic Sultan's court.
The influence of Bellinis encounter with the Islamic world is reflected by Oriental motifs appearing in several of his paintings. His 1507 St. Mark Preaching at Alexandria anachronistically shows the patron saint of Venice preaching to Muslims. The architecture shown in the background is an incongruous assortment of buildings, not corresponding to contemporary Islamic architecture. The stage-like setting for St Mark's sermon is adorned by exotic animals like a camel and a giraffe, as well as architectural elements like an ancient Egyptian obelisk, in the background. Bellini's use of these decorative elements resembles the way Oriental carpets are depicted in 14th and 15th century Renaissance paintings: They are depictions of the exotic and the precious, they set a stage for an important person or action, but, as yet, essentially ignore their original cultural context.

The 1547 depiction of King Edward VI of England standing on an Oriental carpet in front of a throne on the same carpet asserts the young fidei defensor's strength and power, by a deliberate echo of the pose of his father's famous portrait by Holbein.
Nothing is known about how much Ambrosius Francken knew about the cultural background of the Mamluk carpet, which he used as a decoration for his Last Supper. The painting can only be roughly dated to the 16th century. The use of the central medallion of an Oriental carpet to highlight the nimbus of Christ, however, represents a special case: The use of the motif could either have resulted from a mere similarity of the two pictorial patterns, but it can also be understood as an assertion of Renaissance Christian predominance. Europeans had reasons to fear the Islamic world: in 1529 Suleiman the Magnificent was besieging Vienna, and the Ottoman Empire remained a constant threat to Western Europe until the late 17th century.
In his 1502–9 cycle of the Piccolomini library frescoes at the Dome of Siena, Pinturicchio depicts Pope Pius II convoking, as the Latin inscription explains, a Diet of Princes at Mantua to proclaim a new crusade in 1459. On the eighth fresco, a table in front of the Pope's throne is covered by an Oriental carpet. It was hypothesized that the carpet might have been a trophy from previous expeditions.Precious Oriental carpets were part of the so-called "Türkenbeute" (lit.: "Turkish loot") from the siege of Vienna, which ended on 12 September 1683, and their new Christian owners proudly reported back home about their plunder. Carpets exist with inscriptions indicating the new owner, and the date when it was acquired:

A. D. Wilkonski XII septembris 1683 z pod Wiednia  "A. D. Wilkonski, Vienna, 12 September 1683"
The majority of Oriental carpets, however, continue to be depicted as objects with visual appeal, without political connotations, but ignoring their original cultural context. It was reserved to a later century to try and reach out for a better understanding of the carpets within their Islamic cultural context. Whilst Islamic carpets initially served to adorn Renaissance paintings, later on the paintings contributed to a better understanding of the carpets. Comparative art historical research on Oriental carpets in Renaissance painting thus adds another facette, and leads to a better understanding of the highly multifaceted, and sometimes ambivalent, image of the Ottomans during the Western European Renaissance.

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		


== Notes ==


== References ==
Campbell, Gordon. The Grove Encyclopedia of Decorative Arts, Volume 1, "Carpet, S 2; History(pp. 187–193), Oxford University Press US, 2006, ISBN 0-19-518948-5, ISBN 978-0-19-518948-3 Google books
King, Donald and Sylvester, David eds. The Eastern Carpet in the Western World, From the 15th to the 17th century, Arts Council of Great Britain, London, 1983, ISBN 0-7287-0362-9
Mack, Rosamond E. Bazaar to Piazza: Islamic Trade and Italian Art, 1300-1600, University of California Press, 2001 ISBN 0-520-22131-1
Ydema, Onno: Carpets and their datings in Netherlandish Paintings, 1540–1700. Antique Collectors' Club, Woodbridge, ISBN 1-85149-151-1


== Further reading ==
Brancati, Luca E., 'Figurative Evidence for the Philadelphia Blue-Ground SPH and an Art Historical Case Study: Gaudenzio Ferrari and Sperindio Cagnoli', Oriental Carpet and Textile Studies Vol. V part 1 (1999) 23-29.
Brancati, Luca E., 'The carpets of the Painters' Exhibition catalogue, Skira, Milan 1999.
Burke, S. Maureen, 'Mary with Her Spools of Thread: Domesticating the Sacred Interior in Tuscan Trecento Art,' in John Garton and Diane Wolfthal, eds., New Studies on Old Masters: Essays in Renaissance Art in Honour of Colin Eisler, Toronto: Centre for Reformation and Renaissance Studies, 2011, 289-307.
Mills, John, Carpets in Pictures, The National Gallery, London, 1976.  Revised and expanded edition, published as Carpets in Paintings, 1983.
Mills, John, 'Early animal carpets in western paintings - a review', HALI. The International Journal of Oriental Carpets and Textiles, Vol.1 no. 3 (1978), 234-43.
Mills, John, 'Small-pattern Holbein carpets in western paintings', HALI, Vol. 1 no. 4 (1978), 326-34; 'Three further examples', HALI, Vol. 3 no. 3 (1981), 217.
Mills, John, '"Lotto" carpets in western paintings', HALI, Vol. 3 no. 4 (1981), 278-89.
Mills, John, 'East Mediterranean carpets in western paintings', HALI, Vol. 4 no.1 (1981), 53-5.
Mills, John, 'Near Eastern Carpets in Italian Paintings' in Oriental Carpet and Textile Studies, Vol. II (1986), 109-21.
Mills, John, 'The 'Bellini', 'Keyhole', or 'Re-entrant' rugs', HALI, Issue 58 (1991), 86-103, 127-8.
Mills, John, 'The animal rugs revisited', Oriental Carpet and Textile Studies Vol. VI (2001), 46-51.
Rocella, Valentina, 'Large-Pattern Holbein Carpets in Italian Paintings', Oriental Carpet and Textile Studies Vol. VI (2001), 68-73.
Spallanzani Marco, 'Oriental Rugs in Renaissance Florence', The Bruschettini Foundation for Islamic and Asian Art, Genova 2007
Born, Robert; Dziewulski, Michael; Messling, Guido, eds. (2015). The Sultan's world: The Ottoman Orient in Renaissance art (1 ed.). Ostfildern, Germany: Hatje Cantz Verlag. ISBN 9783775739665.


== External links ==

The Carpet Index: The Oriental Carpet in Early Renaissance Paintings
Carpets in Western Europe During the Renaissance
The Riddle-Master of Hed is a fantasy novel by American writer Patricia A. McKillip and the first book of her Riddle Master trilogy. The novel and trilogy utilize themes from Celtic mythology.


== Setting ==
In a fantasy world, the ruler of each land has a mystical awareness of his or her land called the land-rule. The seldom-seen High One presides over all. Riddles, typically questions about obscure pieces of lore, feature significantly, as well as shapeshifting magic.


== Plot summary ==
The titular Riddle-Master is Morgon, the Prince of Hed, a small, simple island populated by farmers and swineherds. The prince, inexplicably, has three stars on his forehead.
Morgon's sister Tristan discovers that he keeps a crown hidden under his bed. He explain that he won it in a riddle-game with the ghost of the cursed king Peven of Aum; he would have died had he lost, as had many who took up the challenge. When Deth, the High One's harpist, discovers this, he explains that another king, Mathom of An, has pledged to marry his daughter Raederle to the man who wins that crown from the ghost.
Accompanied by Deth, Morgon sets forth to claim his bride. En route, the ship is sunk by mysterious shapechangers. Shipwrecked, Morgon loses his memory and the power of speech. When Deth finds Morgon again, after he has regained both, Morgon resolves to travel to question the High One about the shapechangers. The High One's home, located in the far north on Erlenstar Mountain, is seldom visited. As Morgon and Deth travel the length of the realm, they are repeatedly attacked by the shapechangers, and Morgon learns more and more perilous knowledge concerning the three stars and the great powers which come with them. He also comes to know personally the land rulers of Ymris, Herun, Osterland, and Isig.


== Critical reception ==
The novel was voted #13 in Locus' 1987 "All-Time Best Fantasy Novels" reader poll. It was later voted #22 in their 1998 poll (for books published before 1990).


== References ==


== External links ==
The Riddle Master Trilogy series listing at the Internet Speculative Fiction Database
Legionella steelei is a Gram-negative bacterium from the genus Legionella which was isolated from specimens of the respiratory tract of patients with bronchitis in California and South Australia.


== References ==


== External links ==
Type strain of Legionella steelei at BacDive -  the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Dare Not Walk Alone is a 2006 documentary film directed by Jeremy Dean. The film played the festival circuit in 2006 and in 2007 received the audience award at the Deep Focus Film Festival in Columbus, Ohio. It was signed by Indican Pictures for theatrical, DVD, and TV release. The film was released on DVD on November 11, 2008. In January 2009 the film was nominated for an NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Documentary.


== Overview ==
Dare Not Walk Alone is about the civil rights movement and its aftermath in St. Augustine, Florida, the site of prolonged interracial tension and protests by the NAACP and the SCLC. The most notable protests, including the Monson Motor Lodge swimming pool integration immediately preceded, and arguably precipitated, the signing of the 1964 Civil Rights Act.


== Background ==
Dare Not Walk Alone was conceived in 2003 by artist Jeremy Dean, who was then living and working in the Florida tourist town of St. Augustine, "America's oldest city."
When Dean volunteered to help restore the stained glass windows in an historically black church he learned of the events of 1964, the protests, the beatings, and the brilliant campaign of civil disobedience that led to the passage of the first civil rights act.
While Dean felt honored working to preserve a place where Dr. King had once stood side-by-side with Jackie Robinson to rally supporters, he was stunned that he had never heard of these events before, so he set about researching them. He uncovered archive footage that had never been aired. He sat down with the people who were there, who put their lives on the line in the fight for equality and freedom from segregation.
Waiting tables to finance the project, Dean created the first cut of the film in 2005 and in 2006 the first public screening of Dare Not Walk Alone took place at the historically black Ritz Theatre (Jacksonville), Florida in an event attended by Florida State Senator Anthony C. Hill. Within days, Senator Hill had organized a summit of civic leaders to address housing conditions in St. Augustine's African American community. He later introduced legislation to expunge the criminal records of all persons arrested for peacefully protesting segregation in Florida.


== Release and reviews ==
By the end of 2007 the film had been signed for non-theatrical release by THINKFilm and in April 2008 the film began its theatrical release in Los Angeles with Hollywood-based distributor, Indican Pictures.
When Dare Not Walk Alone made its theatrical debut in Los Angeles, Sara Schieron of Boxoffice Magazine declared it "has the potential to do real good in the world" and Eric Monder of Film Journal International noted, "The racial politics of the current presidential election make this film all the more significant."Dare Not Walk Alone has been screened at universities such as Notre Dame and a number of historically black colleges and universities. The film was released on DVD in October 2008.


== Awards ==
In 2007, Dare Not Walk Alone won the Audience Award at the Deep Focus Film Festival in Columbus, Ohio. In January 2009 the film was nominated for an NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Documentary and named one of the year's 10 best documentaries.


== See also ==
Civil rights movement in popular culture


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
Dare Not Walk Alone at Rotten Tomatoes
Dare Not Walk Alone at IMDb 
Dare Not Walk Alone at AllMovie
Ukens Revy (roughly "Weekly Review") was a Norwegian periodical, published in Oslo.


== History and profile ==
Ukens Revy was founded in September 1914 as a conservative-leaning literary and political periodical. The first editor was Hjalmar Christensen, who co-edited with Ronald Fangen and Victor Mogens. From issue #5/1914 Mogens took over the editor chair. It was published by Helge Erichsen & Co. until 1 January 1916, when it was taken over by a limited company. The limited company A/S Ukens Revys nye Aktieselskap took over on 1 January 1920. In 1920, it had five employees and was published every Friday. The board of directors at the time consisted of C. J. Hambro, Peter Andreas Morell and Rolf Bye.Hambro took over as editor-in-chief in 1921, as Mogens founded his own magazine, Utenrikspolitikken. Mogens would belong to Fedrelandslaget, whose views clashed with those of Hambro. Hambro remained editor until 1929.


== References ==
Canelones (Spanish pronunciation: [kaneˈlones]) is the capital of the department of Canelones in Uruguay. Its name is derived from a species of cinnamon, which is called "canelón", growing along the banks of the homonymous river. Since 2010, the city is also the seat of the municipality of Canelones.


== Geography ==
The city is located on Route 5 about 50 kilometres (31 mi) North of Montevideo and on its intersection with Route 64. It lies on the west bank of the river Arroyo Canelón Chico.


== History ==
It was founded on 24 April 1783 under the name "Villa Guadalupe". It became capital of one of the nine earlier Departments of the Republic. The railroad arrived here in 1874, while in 1908 National Route 5 from Montevideo was inaugurated. On 23 March 1916, it was renamed to "Canelones" and its status was elevated to "Ciudad" (city) by the Act of Ley Nº 5.400.


== Population ==
According to the 2011 census, Canelones had a population of 19,865. In 2010, the Intendencia de Canelones had recorded a population of 25,961 for the municipality during the elections. While Canelones is the capital of the department of the same name, it has a considerably smaller population compared with two other cities in the department, Ciudad de la Costa and Las Piedras.

Source: Instituto Nacional de Estadística de Uruguay


== Economic activity ==
The city and the department have numerous small to large vineyards and wineries. In 1987 the cold-storage facility "Frigorífico Canelones" was founded, which ever since became the principal industry of the city.


== Government and infrastructure ==
The civil aviation agency of the country, National Civil Aviation and Aviation Infrastructure Direction (DINACIA), has its headquarters in Canelones.


== Places of worship ==
Cathedral of Our Lady of Guadalupe (Roman Catholic)


== Noted local people ==
Diego Lugano, captain of the Uruguay national football team
Pablo Gabriel García, football player for PAOK F.C.
Matías Vecino, footballer
Facundo Peraza (born July 27, 1992), footballer
Robert Siboldi, Former football player and former manager of Santos Laguna
Sebastián Rodríguez (born 1992), footballer
Andrea Trujillo, Director of Nursing, Perfect Survey Champion


== Sister Cities ==
 Asunción, Paraguay
 Loudoun County, United States


== See also ==
Canelones Department#Main Urban Centres


== References ==


== External links ==
INE map of Canelones, Paso Espinosa and Paso Palomeque
Gorka (Russian: Горка) is a rural locality (a village) in Lipetskoye Rural Settlement, Verkhovazhsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 18 as of 2002.


== Geography ==
The distance to Verkhovazhye is 69.7 km, to Leushinskaya is 2 km. Leushinskaya, Ivonino, Svetilnovo, Sloboda are the nearest rural localities.


== References ==
"Angel" is a song by Australian band Lo-Tel. It was released in August 2003 as the lead and only single from the band's second studio album The Lost Thing. The song peaked at number 50 in Australia. It was the band's final release.


== Track listing ==
CD single (MATTCD131)

"Angel"
"Complacent Yet Anxious" (live)
"Insomniac"
"Crucifix" (alternate version)


== Charts ==
"Angel" debuted at number 53, becoming the band's highest debuting single. It peaked at number 50 in September 2003.


== References ==
The 2004–05 NBA season was the Minnesota Timberwolves’ 16th season competing in the National Basketball Association. After appearing in the Conference Finals the previous season, the Timberwolves played at around .500 for the first half of the season. However, the team began to struggle further into the season, losing six straight games between January and February and slipping below .500. After a 25–26 start, longtime head coach Flip Saunders was fired and replaced with general manager Kevin McHale for the remainder of the season. The Timberwolves improved under McHale's management, but finished the season in third position in the Northwest Division. With a 44–38 regular season record, they missed the playoffs for the first time since 1996. Kevin Garnett led the team in scoring, rebounding and assists, as he was selected for the 2005 NBA All-Star Game. Following the season, Latrell Sprewell retired after turning down a contract extension, Sam Cassell was traded to the Los Angeles Clippers, and McHale was fired as coach. This marked the beginning of over a decade of futility for the Timberwolves. From 2005 to 2018, they failed to make the playoffs.


== Draft picks ==


== Roster ==


== Regular season ==


=== Season standings ===


=== Record vs. opponents ===


== Player statistics ==


== Awards and records ==
Kevin Garnett, NBA All-Defensive First Team


== References ==
The 2023 ANZ Premiership season was the seventh season of Netball New Zealand's ANZ Premiership. With a team coached by Tia Winikerei, captained by Sulu Fitzpatrick and featuring Phoenix Karaka, Grace Nweke, Michaela Sokolich-Beatson and Peta Toeava, Northern Mystics won their second title. Mystics finished the regular season as minor premiers, finishing above Central Pulse and Northern Stars. In the Elimination final, Stars defeated Pulse 53–52. Mystics then defeated Stars 74–56 in the Grand final.


== Transfers ==
Source:


== Head coaches and captains ==
Source:


== Pre-season ==


=== Otaki tournament ===
Central Pulse hosted the official ANZ Premiership tournament at Te Wānanga o Raukawa in Otaki between  17 and 19 February. All six ANZ Premiership teams took part. It was the sixth edition of the tournament.
Day 1Sources: 

Day 2Sources: 

Day 3Sources:


== Regular season ==


=== Round 1 ===


=== Round 2 ===


=== Round 3 ===


=== Round 4 ===


=== Round 5 ===


=== Round 6 ===


=== Round 7 ===


=== Round 8 ===


=== Round 9 ===


=== Round 10 ===


=== Round 11 ===


=== Round 12 ===
Source:


== Final standings ==
  Qualified for Grand final  Qualified for Elimination final
Source:


== Finals series ==


=== Elimination final ===
Source:


=== Grand final ===
Source:


== Awards ==


=== New Zealand Netball Awards ===
Source:


=== ANZ Premiership Awards ===


=== Team of the season ===
Brendon Egan selected Stuff's team of the season. 

All Star SevenBenchSource:


== Season statistics ==

Source:


== References ==
Mimeresia neavei is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Uganda, the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Uele and North Kivu), western Kenya and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.


== References ==
The Boise State–Fresno State football rivalry is an American college football rivalry between the Broncos of Boise State University and the Bulldogs of California State University, Fresno, both currently members of the Mountain West Conference (MW).


== History ==
The "Milk Can" is the trophy that is awarded to the winner of the game. It was created in 2005, but was not ready in time for the annual match in Fresno, which was won by the Bulldogs after four straight Bronco wins.The trophy made its first appearance in 2006, when the Broncos carried it off the field. The series dates back to 1977, with three games in different decades, all won by Fresno State. The rivalry effectively began twenty-three years ago in 2001, when Boise State joined the Western Athletic Conference (WAC) and upset #8 Fresno State in their first meeting as conference rivals.Boise State moved to the MW in 2011 and its planned move to the Big East Conference for football for 2013 meant that the future of the series was in doubt. However, after major instability in the Big East, culminating in a mass exodus of seven schools in December 2012, Boise State decided to stay in the MW, ensuring the future of the rivalry. Fresno State left the WAC and joined the MW in 2013, but the two were placed in opposite football divisions and they did not meet in 2015, 2016, 2019, and 2020.


=== History of the trophy ===
The idea for a trophy as the prize for the newly arranged interstate rivalry was hatched by two separate dairy groups that decided to get involved with their local football programs. California (No. 1) and Idaho (No. 4) are two of the nation's leading dairy producers.   The South Valley Dairy Group began raising money for Bulldog football in 2001; the Bronco Dairy Boosters began contributing to Boise State in 2005.
Two dairymen and friends in these organizations, Dan Van Grouw of Meridian, Idaho (in the Boise metropolitan area) and Roger Fluegel of Visalia, California (in Fresno State's home of the San Joaquin Valley), put forward the idea of a traveling trophy and began the administrative process. There was positive feedback from the teams, coaches, and fans, but an "administrative changeover" kept the trophy off the field for the 2005 game, though the Bulldogs' 27–7 victory is the first listed on the can.
The trophy only changes hands during regular season contests and has not been on the line when they have met in the Mountain West Championship Game.


== Game results ==


== Coaching records ==
Since first game in 1977


=== Boise State ===


=== Fresno State ===
There have been no ties in this series; all Division I games began using overtime in 1996.


== See also ==
List of NCAA college football rivalry games


== References ==


== External links ==
(Article written 24 October 2007)
The Shire Hall (Welsh: Neuadd y Sir Hwlffordd) is a municipal structure in the High Street, Haverfordwest, Pembrokeshire, Wales.  The shire hall, which was the meeting place of the old Pembrokeshire County Council, is a Grade II* listed building.


== History ==
The building was commissioned by the justices as accommodation for the regular assizes: the site they selected was occupied by a Quaker meeting House. It was designed by  William Owen in the neoclassical style, built in brick with a stucco finish and was completed in 1837. The design involved a symmetrical main frontage with five bays facing onto the High Street; the central section of three bays, which slightly projected forward, was fenestrated with round headed windows on the ground floor and square headed sash windows on the first floor. The windows in the central section were flanked by full height Ionic order pilasters supporting an entablature with a modillioned pediment above. The end bays featured round headed doors with fanlights on the ground floor, sash windows with consoled pediments on the first floor and a modillioned cornice above. Internally, the principal room was the courtroom.In the early 1840s, the building was the venue for the trial of one of the leaders of the Rebecca Riots who had been involved in an incident at the Colby Scott Turnpike Gate. Following the implementation of the Local Government Act 1888, which established county councils in every county, it became necessary to establish a permanent meeting place for the newly formed Pembrokeshire County Council: internal alterations were carried out to a design by Arthur Thomas to create a council chamber 1901. The shire hall was regularly used for concerts and other public performances; the Haverfordwest Male Voice Choir performed their first concert in the building in 1896. It was also the venue, in March 1950, for the trial of the Rosemarket farmer, Albert Jenkins, who was found guilty of murdering his landlord, William Llewellyn, and subsequently executed by hanging.The shire hall continued to host meetings of the county council until it was abolished in 1974 and continued to host hearings in the courthouse until it closed in June 2003. The new unitary authority, Pembrokeshire County Council, decided the building was surplus to requirements, conducted a competition for the disposal of the building and appointed Wetherspoons as its preferred bidder: the decision led to protests led by the Haverfordwest Civic Society who did not want to see the building converted into a public house. Wetherspoons subsequently withdrew their interest in the shire hall and converted a property in Quay Street instead.A developer, Red Dragon Developments, acquired a 999-year lease on the shire hall, in February 2010, and carried out an extensive programme of refurbishment works. The works included the installation of a lift, the re-roofing of the building and the re-facing of the front elevation with lime plaster and red paint.


== See also ==
Grade II* listed buildings in Pembrokeshire


== References ==
Tiguili is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 516.


== References ==
General Ahmed Warsame was the Head of the former Somali Military Academy and Somali National Front.


== References ==
Arthur Golf (21 July 1877 – 18 February 1941) was a German academic agronomist. A principal focus of his teaching and research was on "colonial agriculture":  another was "selective breeding", concentrating on sheep. During his later years he was a professor at Leipzig University where between 1933 and 1935, and again during 1936/37, he served as University Rector.


== Life ==
Richard Arthur Golf was born into a Protestant family in Beyersdorf, a rural settlement in the marshy flatlands to the north-east of Halle.   His father, Richard Golf, was a "gentleman farmer" ("Rittergutsbesitzer"): several of his remoter ancestors were also landowner-farmers.   He successfully concluded his schooling at the Stadtgymnasium (principal secondary school) at Halle in 1896 and went on to work as an agricultural apprentice on at least two working estates in Saxony. During 1897/98 he undertook his military service as a volunteer in an artillery regiment in Breslau (as Wrocław was known at that time). He went on to study agriculture at Breslau and Halle, and then, from 1901, at the Agriculture Academy in Bonn-Poppelsdorf ("Institut für Bodenlehre und Pflanzenbau an der Landwirtschaftsakademie Bonn-Poppeldorf").   In 1901 he obtained his teaching certificate in agriculture.Golf was much influenced by Ferdinand Wohltmann, a pioneer in the development of "colonial agronomy" as an academic subject. He became an assistant to Wohltmann at the academy in Bonn-Poppeldorf during 1901.  During 1902 he participated in a five-month research trip to North America, the purpose of which was to investigate the irrigation-based agriculture there. The North America trip provided the material for his dissertation, and in 1903 he received his doctorate from Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg for a piece of work on the natural underpinnings of the American irrigation-based economy.   After that he worked as an assistant to Julius Kühn at the Physiology Laboratory of the Agronomy Institute at Halle.   It was also at Halle that Golf received his habilitation (higher academic degree), in 1907, in a piece of work which appears to have built further on the work undertaken on agricultural irrigation in North America.That same year he was commissioned by the Imperial Colonial Office to undertake an expedition to South and Southwest Africa. This was followed by similar trips to East Africa, Central Asia and Scandinavia (and other places).   The core objective was to research the relationship between water management and arable agriculture.   One result of these expeditions, which appeared in 1911, was a book on Arable Agronomy in German South West Africa, which dealt with "Trockenfarmen" (farming in dry conditions).   After that, in 1912, he was appointed to a permanent extraordinary professorship at Leipzig with a teaching contract that covered colonial and foreign/tropical agronomy.War broke out at the end of July 1914 which interrupted Golf's academic career. He served on the frontline as a cavalry officer ("Rittmeister"). Just over four years later war ended in defeat for Germany and he returned to civilian life. Like many demobilized officers, Golf strongly opposed the new republican government which was associated with the shame of military defeat and the enforced abdication of The Kaiser.   One aspect of the imposed Peace of Versailles that directly affected Golf was the confiscation of German South West Africa and Germany's other colonies outside Europe. "Colonial Agriculture" was no longer an academic discipline with a bright future. Obliged to find himself a supplementary academic speciality, he built up an expertise in selective breeding.In 1922 Golf was appointed to a full professorship of animal husbandry ("Tierzucht") at Leipzig University in the "Mathematics and Natural Sciences" department of the Faculty of Philosophy, taking on the position that had fallen vacant through the death, the previous summer, of Wilhelm Kirchner.  The post was one which Golf would retain till his death in 1941.   He headed up, as responsible professor, the "Institute of Animal Husbandry and Dairying" (till 1928 the "Institute of the Dairy Industry and Economy"). To some extent he was able to invoke his earlier expertise in colonial agriculture in support of his new department. Although the scope of his responsibilities was a broad one, his own research centred on the Karakul sheep, a hardy and, it turned out, adaptable breed originally from central Asia which continues to flourish in Namibia, having been introduced by German colonists to what was, till 1919, German South West Africa. The Karakul was introduced to Germany itself during the 1920s and 1930s with 9,758 registed in Germany in 1935 (though by 2013 the number had slumped to fewer than 300).   For many years Golf also ran the "Zeitschrift für Schafzucht" ("Journal for Sheep Husbandry"). During the later 1920s and early 1930s Golf was also able to undertake further research expeditions, both to South West Africa, where many farmers of German origin still lived and worked despite the political changes and, during the first part of 1928, to what was at that time Soviet Central Asia.   He also produced several pieces of research on problems of milk quality and directed Germany's first experiments involving introducing hormones into pig feed.
The German Colonial Society, founded originally in 1887, continued its activities through and beyond the 1920s. Golf was a committed member of it during the years of political and social instability that dominated the agenda in Germany after 1918.   He also became a member in 1920 of the German Popular Protection and Revanchism League ("Deutschvölkische Schutz- und Trutzbund" / DVSTB), a nationalist movement noted, even at the time, for its savage antisemitism.   It was among the most prominent of various organisations that emerged as a reaction to the disaster of the First World War along with the unfolding economic, social and political crisis of the early 1920s. Because of the extent to which its beliefs were adopted and then integrated into government policy by the Nazi Party after 1933 the DVSTB acquired a retrospective significance that might well have surprised observers fifteen years earlier, .Towards the end of the 1920s populist political parties, notably the Communist Party and the Nazi Party, enjoyed growing support across Germany, especially (though by no means exclusively) in the industrial cities, while the more moderate traditional parties, both of the left and of the right, found themselves crowded out to the point at which, by 1932, it would become impossible to form a government in Germany without backing from the extremists. Political polarisation was reflected among students at the universities. Golf was an early admirer of Adolf Hitler and there are suggestions that at Leipzig University he was able to persuade some students to the Nazi cause. He himself joined the Nazi Party in 1932, being the first professor at the university to make the move. For the party he became a Vertrauensdozent (liaison lecturer), identified as a link man between the university and the National Socialist German Students' League ("Nationalsozialistischer Deutscher Studentenbund" / NSDStB).The Nazis finally took power in January 1933. They lost no time in transforming the country into a one-party dictatorship. As a committed party member Golf suddenly found himself on the inside track with the political establishment. He was appointed Rector of the university between 1933 and 1935.   Early in 1935 the Education Minister replaced him due to a perceived absence of vigour in pushing through of party policy (aufgrund "mangelnden Durchsetzungsvermögens"). However Felix Krueger, his successor evidently displayed similar shortcomings, and when Krueger was dismissed, Golf was reinstalled as university Rector for a further winter term, between October 1936 and March 1937.   Earlier on he also served as university pro-dean and dean.
After 1937, having reached the age of 60, he withdrew from high office at the university and returned with renewed energy to work on colonial agriculture. Beyond his university offices Golf held various honorary posts and memberships connected with his animal research work. In 1937 he was accepted into the Leopoldina.The Invasion of Poland in September 1939 marked the return of war, and his energies were devoted increasingly to the simple business of keeping the university's research and teaching activities going. Golf died at Leipzig on 18 February 1941.


== Publications (selection) ==


== References ==
The 1900 A&M Aggies football team represented the Agricultural and Mechanical College of Texas—now known as Texas A&M University—as an independent during the 1900 college football season. Led by second-year head coach W. A. Murray, the Aggies compiled a record of 2–2–1.


== Schedule ==


== References ==
The Chicago mayoral election of 1977 was a special election held on June 7, 1977 to complete the remainder of the  unexpired mayoral term of Richard J. Daley who died of a heart attack in December 1976. The election saw Interim Mayor Michael A. Bilandic win the election. Bliandic defeated Republican city council member Dennis H. Block by a landslide 56% margin.The election was preceded by February primary elections to determine the Democratic Party and Republican Party nominations. Bilandic won a strong victory over several opponents in the Democratic primary, including Congressman Roman Pucinski, State Senator Harold Washington, and former cook county state's attorney Edward Hanrahan. Block easily defeated three opponents in the Republican primary.


== Background ==
After the death in office of Richard J. Daley on December 20, 1976, Bilandic had been selected by the Chicago City Council to serve as acting mayor for six months until an election would be held. On December 24, Bilandic told alderman and other city hall leaders that he would not be competing in the upcoming special election for the remainder of Daley's term. However, the following week, Bilandic reneged on this pledge, and announced that he would be open to a draft. By 1977, Chicago had not elected a Republican mayor, and had only elected Democratic mayors, for a half-century, with the last Republican elected having been William Hale Thompson in 1927. Dating back to Edward J. Kelly, who took office in 1933, all Chicago mayors up to this point (Kelly, Martin H. Kennelly, Richard J. Daley, and now Bilandic)  had hailed in some sense from Bilandic's 11th Ward.


== Primaries and nominations ==
47.07% of registered voters participated in the primary elections.


=== Democratic primary ===
Bilandic won the Democratic Party's primary. Bilandic had a well-staged "draft" effort. He won the Cook County Democratic Party central committee's endorsement. Congressman Roman Pucinski had entered the race at the point when Bilandic had yet to reverse course on his pledge to not seek election. The party organization had pressured him to drop out of the race for Bilandic's benefit, which he refused to do. Pucinski sought to receive strong support from the city's sizable Polish-American electorage. He also sought to challenge Bilandic to a series of debates, which Bilandic declined. Pucinski was considered Bilandic's foremost opponent in the primary.Puncinski argued that a Bilandic administration would present more, "politics-as-usual". Pucinski focused much of his campaign on addressing the issue of unemployment. He alleged that Bilandic had been using unfair campaign tactics, alleging that Puncinski campaign workers and supporters had received threats from landlords and city inspectors. State Senator Harold Washington's campaign was underfunded and lacked strong organization. He also suffered due to the impact of personal legal issues. He focused his campaign on the black wards of the city's South Side. Washington was an African American, and was counting on receiving strong African American support. Also running was disgraced former Cook County State's Attorney Edward Hanrahan. Minor candidates in the primary were lawyers Anthony R. Martin-Trigona and Ellis E. Reid, the latter of whom was African American.Wanting to be seen by voters as a competent administrator and chief executive, Bilandic refused to be drawn into controversy and largely ignored his opponents. He sought to also present himself as a friend to business and a successful labor mediator. During the campaign, he made appearances at ribbon-cutting ceremonies, charity dinners, and other events. The Washington Post noted that, largely absent from the discourse of the primary, had been the issues of industries leaving the city, public transport, the quality of schools, and racial integration.


==== Results ====
Bilandic won a plurality of the vote in 38 of the city's 50 wards. Pucinski won a plurality of the vote in 7 wards (all on the North and Northwest Sides). Washington won a plurality of the vote in 5 wards. Bilandic had won Southwest Side Polish wards that Pucinski had been counting on winning. After the election results came in, Harold Washington alleged that there had been, "massive vote fraud".


=== Republican primary ===
The Republican nomination was captured by 47th Ward alderman Dennis H. Block, who had originally was supportive of Bilandic's interim mayoralty before the incumbent mayor reneged on his pledge not to run for a full term. Block was urged by Governor James R. Thompson to run for mayor so as not to leave the office in the hands of the Democrats.Block handily won the Republican primary over three other Republican candidates. Block, at the time, was the city's sole Republican alderman (among 50). He had been elected an alderman two years prior. Block was the first mayoral candidate since Martin H. Kennelly to be a resident of Edgewater. Thus, he was the first candidate from Edgewater since 1955 and the first general election nominee since 1951 to hail from Edgewater. He was the fourth overall mayoral candidate from the neighborhood, and would have been the third mayor from the neighborhood if elected.


=== Socialist Workers nomination ===
Dennis Brasky


=== U.S. Labor Party nomination ===
Gerald Rose


== General election and result ==
The general election generated little interest. At 40%, turnout was considered low. Bilandic won a majority of the vote in each of the city's 50 wards.


== References ==
The 2015 Bangladesh student protests on "No VAT on Education" were protests by students of private universities in Bangladesh demanding the VAT imposed on higher education in private universities be eliminated.
The present Finance Minister of the Bangladesh Awami League government first introduced a 10% VAT upon higher education in private universities in the draft of budget of 2015–16. Following strong opposition, the VAT was reduced to 7.5%. The imposed VAT was withdrawn by the finance division after a cabinet meeting on 14 September 2015.


== History ==
Previous government tried to impose similar VAT on private university tuition fee in 2010, but had to revoke their decision as students protested strongly.


== Protests ==
On 22 June, law enforcement authorities foiled a procession of private university students heading for the finance ministry building to press home their demands.At the start of August 2015 the government announced they would not withdraw the VAT and that students must pay it. The news sparked outrage among students. On 9 September, police opened fire on a protest by the students of East West University. This caused outrage and immediate support for the cause by thousands of other students from different universities. On 10 September, road blockades were carried out by students from different private universities to protest the VAT on tuition fees. The protest was sparked by controversial statements by the minister of finance, Abul Maal Abdul Muhith but he stood firm on the decision for the VAT to stay. The government also issued a circular stating the VAT was only imposed on the private university authorities and the students need not pay.


== Incidents ==
There were two notable incident. First one happened at Dhanmondi 27, private universities students were attacked two times in a row and the second one happened at Banani-Kakoli Square on 14 SEptember.


== Result ==
On 14 September 2015 at a regular cabinet meeting directed by prime minister Sheikh Hasina, the Finance division decided to withdraw the VAT imposed on tuition fees.


== Gallery ==

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		


== See also ==
Anti-austerity protests
Politics of Bangladesh
2018 Bangladesh road-safety protests


== References ==
The Players Tour Championship was a series of snooker tournaments comprising some minor-ranking events played in Europe, and an Asian leg comprising some minor-ranking events in Asia. The series concluded with a Grand Final, where qualification was based on performance in the other PTC events, and had the status of a full ranking tournament. Each regular event lasted for at least three days, with qualifying days for amateurs should the event be oversubscribed. Each event costs £100 to enter, and Main Tour players can gain ranking points in the events.


== History ==
The inaugural series ran from late June, with six events at the World Snooker Academy in Sheffield, one in Gloucester and another five in mainland Europe (with 3 in Germany). The finals took place in March featuring the best 24 players who had won the most money and played at least 6 events; 3 in Sheffield and 3 in mainland Europe. The prize money at each event was £50,000 or €50,000 at the regular events, with a total of £200,000 available in the Finals. The first event was held in the World Snooker Academy from 25 to 27 June 2010. In the first season the six events at the Academy were sponsored by Star Xing Pai. The prize money for the Finals was increased to £250,000 in 2011/2012. Originally the events played outside Sheffield were called Euro Players Tour Championship, but this distinction was abandoned for the second season.In the 2012/2013 season the Players Tour Championship was expanded. The PTCs would no longer take place at the World Snooker Academy and instead were played at the South West Snooker Academy. In addition there was a decrease of PTCs being played in England, reduced to four events, with three new PTCs being created in Asia, called Asian Players Tour Championship. From this season the European events formed the European Tour, their prize money was increased to €70,000, and they were sponsored by Betfair. Finally as a result the Finals was expanded to accommodate 32 players instead of 24; with each tournament winner from the APTCs and the next top 4 players on the Asian Order of Merit qualifying; with an additional player qualifying from the UK/European Order of Merit. The seedings of the final were based on the combined list of both Order of Merits. The prize money of the Finals was also increased to £300,000, excluding the £1,000 prize money for Ding Junhui's maximum break.In the 2013/2014 season the number of minor-ranking PTC events was reduced to twelve. The number of events played in England was further decreased to two, and the number of Asian events was raised to four. From this season the events held in Asia formed the Asian Tour, and the English events became part of the European Tour. The prize money of the continental European Tour events was increased to €125,000. The Finals still accommodated 32 players, but the number of qualified players from the Order of Merits has also changed with 24 coming through the European Tour Order of Merit and eight through the Asian Tour Order of Merit. The calculation method of the European Tour Order of Merit was also changed this season. The previously used €1=£1 system was changed to accommodate the increasing prize money of the continental European events. World Snooker decided to use the €1.2=£1 conversion rate.In the 2014/2015 season the number of minor-ranking PTC events was further reduced to only nine events. There are no events played in England, and the number of Asian events was reduced to three after the second event, originally planned to be held in August, had to be cancelled. The prize money of the Grand Final was increased to £350,000.


== Reaction: criticism and support ==
The PTC has been both criticised and supported by players.
The PTC was criticised by several players for its comparatively low prize fund and associated costs. The events offered a top prize of just £10,000 while the first professional round offered no prize money at all. Ronnie O'Sullivan believed that the top players were not rewarded appropriately for what they do, while the lower-ranked players were left with financial losses, and stated that he felt "blackmailed" into entering the events due to the governing body's decision to attach ranking points to them. O'Sullivan likened the experience of competing on the PTC to being "raped". Stephen Maguire echoed O'Sullivan's sentiments, commenting that players were left out of pocket unless they did "really well", and that he felt like a "prostitute" being "forced" to play in the events. Maguire further criticised the lack of atmosphere and audience at some of the events. Another player described the European PTC events as "buying ranking points".Steve Davis, on the other hand, believed that the events have been well received by most of the players and fans, and that they are integral to reinvigorating the circuit. Neil Robertson concurred with Davis' view and considered them important in developing the game overseas, and expressed his hopes that they would develop into fully sponsored and televised tournaments. Stephen Hendry welcomed the increase in playing opportunities for the players, but sympathised with O'Sullivan's view about being 'blackmailed' into entering the events, stating that he believed the events were too "top heavy" on ranking points considering "how little money there is to win".The World Snooker Association stated that they had an obligation to provide playing opportunities for all players on the tour, and that while the top prize for the PTC events was relatively low, 24 players qualify for the Grand Final, which offered a top prize of £70,000 in 2011/2012. It affirmed its stance by stating "Two seasons ago there were only seven or eight events on the main tour calendar; now there are nearly 30 and total prize money has virtually doubled."


== Series finals and Order of Merit winners ==


== Statistics ==


=== Players Tour Championship – (Minor-ranking events) ===


=== Event champions by country ===


== References ==
Debeli Brijeg is the main Montenegrin border crossing with Croatia. The Croatian checkpoint is known as Karasovići. It is located on the Adriatic Highway.
Debeli Brijeg is in Herceg Novi municipality about 6 km from Igalo.
Andronica Island (Angiidaak in Aleut) is one of the Shumagin Islands in the Gulf of Alaska south of the Alaska Peninsula in Aleutians East Borough of Alaska, United States. It lies east of Popof Island, southeast of Korovin Island, and northwest of Nagai Island. The island has a land area of 14.661 km2 (5.6607 sq mi) and is uninhabited.


== References ==
Andronica Island: Block 3001, Census Tract 1, Aleutians East Borough, Alaska United States Census Bureau
South African wireless community networks are wireless networks that allow members to talk, send messages, share files and play games independent of the commercial landline and mobile telephone networks. Most of them use WiFi technology and many are wireless mesh networks. A wireless community network may connect to the public switched telephone network and/or the Internet, but there are various restrictions on connectivity in South Africa. Wireless community networks are particularly useful in areas where commercial telecommunications services are unavailable or unaffordable.
Wireless User Groups (WUGs) in South African cities build up infrastructure and applications, as well as training members in wireless technology skills. Therefore, WUGs provide a fertile ground for new technology and applications that may have large social benefits in informal communities and rural areas of South Africa and neighboring countries.


== Background: South African Telecommunications Environment ==
South Africa has the best developed and most modern telephone system in Africa. There are almost 110 combined fixed-line and cellular telephones per 100 persons. There are 5.1 million Internet users. The network is 99.9% digital.  The fixed-line monopoly of Telkom SA, a listed company in which the government is the largest shareholder, expired with the licensing of Neotel as South Africa's second national operator, starting operations in November 2007. Neotel is licensed to provide the entire range of telecoms services with the exception of full mobility. Neotel is expanding their network fast, but so far is concentrating on urban areas. The South African mobile communications market is growing fast. The country's three cellular network operators (Vodacom, MTN and Cell C) have over 39-million subscribers, or nearly 80% of the population.However, although there are now over one million broadband subscribers, mostly using ADSL or HSDPA,
bandwidth remains relatively limited and expensive. Major cities such as Cape Town, Durban, Johannesburg and Pretoria have launched public-private initiatives to build their own broadband networks to provide cheaper voice and data services. For example, the city of Tshwane, which includes Pretoria, is testing delivery of broadband Internet and voice services on their new metro-wide fibre-optic network using wireless hot spots to provide ADSL access. In the meantime, the high cost of broadband access has stimulated development of Wireless User Groups. The WUGS are not allowed to sell internet connectivity, since they are non-commercial community networks. Although non-profit and operating in the license-exempt spectrums, their legal status is not clear. In October 2007, JAWUG requested clarification on whether it required a radio frequency spectrum and/or ECNS license for its activities.Telkom provides relatively poor voice and internet service in underdeveloped rural areas of South Africa, although it is investigating ways to improve service using wireless technology. The Independent Communications Authority of South Africa has licensed several small telecoms firms to operate regional networks in remote, under-served areas of the country.
Bokone Telecoms in Polokwane and Amathole Telecoms in the Eastern Cape are experimenting with WiMAX technology to provide service. However, due to relatively high costs and low revenue potential, these initiatives are moving slowly. There is room for more innovative approaches.
Currently, VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) service is allowed only in areas where less than five percent of the population have access to a telephone, and WiFi is restricted to use by individuals or organisations within the confines of their own premises. The argument is that low-cost or free VoIP over WiFi would destroy the incentive for commercial network providers to upgrade rural networks.  However, several commentators consider that this policy is counter-productive. As discussed later, many wireless community networks deliberately ignore the restrictions.


== Sample City-Based Wireless Community Networks ==
Most cities in South Africa have one or more non-profit groups collaborating in running Wireless User Groups. Descriptions of a sample are given below, with information derived from their web sites.


=== Johannesburg WUG (JAWUG) ===
Jawug is located in Johannesburg, the largest city in South Africa. Jawug, founded in 2002 by Kieran Murphy, Justin Jonker, Ross Clarke and Steven Carter, was the first wireless user group in South Africa, starting as an experimental network between four students, then quickly expanding into a much larger network by interconnecting several separate wireless mesh networks.
Jawug is not an ISP. Its network is used purely for non-commercial and educational purposes.
Jawug is regularly used for experimental deployment of new technologies. There are currently four links which interconnect the Jawug network with PTAWUG, the Wireless User Group in Pretoria, to the north of Johannesburg. Jawug and PTAWUG work together closely - Jawug helped to get PTAWUG off the ground. Jawug also gives technical assistance to new wireless users groups like Port Elizabeth Wireless Users Group (PEWUG). A core team of members manage all routing and highsite maintenance. Regular wugmeets are held to discuss network issues and future plans.Jawug has a membership base of approximately 300 locations, and is constantly expanding.


=== Pretoria WUG (PTAWUG) ===

The Pretoria WUG was founded on 28 July 2007.  The PTAWUG constitution guarantees openness, free participation and equality to all members of the Wireless User Group. PTAWUG is exclusively funded by donations from the community. Volunteers conduct highsite installation and maintenance in their spare time. PTAWUG is the 5th largest wireless network organization in the world with about 600 member connections (7 October 2009). To avoid rental costs, all highsites are on privately owned properties, mostly in high areas with a good line of sight to the surrounding areas. The network has a number of towers, with the other highsites located on tall buildings or at private residences in strategic places.The Pretoria Wireless Project is another community based network in the city, which has been connected to the Pretoria WUG network as of 3 February 2008.


=== Cape Town Wireless User Group (CTWUG) ===
The Cape Town Wireless User Group has been around since about 2005 as a small network between friends. Since then it has grown to a citywide network. CTWUG has over 1500 user sites all around Cape Town - spanning all the way from Houtbay to Stellenbosch and into the Helderberg. CTWUG is a non-profit organisation that is geared towards community based wireless networking with a focus to promote the use and understanding of wireless equipment in order to build a citywide free wireless network. The building of this network forms a social and interactive community where people with an interest in expanding and improving the network donate time, money and equipment to the group.
CTWUG runs many network enhancements, including a GameTime system which stops all bulk traffic during certain hours for gaming and other high-priority network uses. CTWUG puts a lot of priority in making sure the network is usable for as many applications and uses as possible.
No monthly or annual fees of any kind is asked for membership and all contributions are completely voluntary. CTWUG maintains good vendor relationships to ensure high quality equipment is used and supplied for all network links.


=== Durban Wireless Community ===
The Durban Wireless Community was founded in December 2004 by a group of people interested in 802.11 a/b/g wireless technology in Durban, the third most populous city in South Africa. The first meeting in January 2005 had 4 attendees. The group now has about 200 people on the mailing list and about 15 live nodes on the network spanning from Bluff to Umbilo, Morningside, Town, Tollgate and Westville. Goals of the non-profit group, which is free to join and open to all, include educating the public about wireless technology, and learning more about the technology.  The Durban Wireless Community has close ties to JAWUG.


=== Potchefstroom Community Network ===
The Potchefstroom Community Network is a non-profit grassroots effort by members of the community to provide a broadband network between its members, using inexpensive off-the-shelf (WiFi) radio networking equipment. The network operates in the license-exempt 2.4 GHz frequency spectrum.


=== Stellenbosch Community Network ===
The Stellenbosch Community Network is a joint project between Stellenbosch University and the Stellenbosch Local Municipality in Western Cape Province, South Africa. Its purpose is to provide the community with wireless access to University and Municipality services. The network is in a pilot phase. It will be operated as an open public network, accessible to anyone with the right equipment.


=== iNethi Community Network ===
This is an exception to the urban norm described above, namely hobbyists who generally have commercial internet access but want something more. In this case, which is currently located in Ocean View outside Cape Town but intends to expand, most users have no other internet access; also, the network hosts many resources in its "cloudlet" server/s, such as user-generated video-sharing applications; such local resources are free to use, while access to the wider internet is on the basis of prepaid vouchers. The project is supported by the University of Cape Town.


== Rural Wireless Community Networks ==
Although the city-based community networks are typically run by hobbyists who may be primarily interested in experimenting with technology and avoiding high broadband charges while playing Internet games, they serve also as test beds for more serious projects and training grounds for wireless network engineers that may benefit projects in poor rural and informal communities. In these communities, wireless mesh networks may have great medical, educational and economic value, giving affordable telephone and internet access when coupled with initiatives such as One Laptop per Child that aim to provide low-cost devices - assuming the regulator continues to remove obstacles to deploying WiFi community networks.


=== Meraka Institute ===
The Meraka Institute is a government-backed organization to promote ICT development. The Wireless Africa programme of the Meraka Institute is researching ways to develop sustainable information and communications technology in developing countries. Research follows two tracks:

Social research into how projects in communities around South Africa, Angola and Mozambique are able to create sustainable community-owned wireless infrastructure, with focus on applications in health, education and related service delivery areas.
Ways to overcome technology barriers and enable bottom-up creation of wireless access infrastructure. This includes research into mesh networking, low cost voice/messaging devices, low cost access points and antennas, and network security. Experimental test bed mesh networks have been installed in Pretoria and Mpumalanga to understand issues such as scalability and quality of service.


=== Peebles Valley Mesh Project ===
The Peebles Valley mesh project is using wireless mesh networking as a low cost first mile solution connect people to
the internet and each other. The project is testing if a rural community can take ownership of the network, with a trial community-run WUG near the Kruger National Park in the Mpumalanga Province. The project uses "Cantennas" to connect to the wireless mesh network.  These are small, self-constructed antennas made from locally available material connected to a low-cost WiFi card plugged into a computer. Although sponsored by the Meraka Institute, the project members state that what they are doing is illegal under current laws.


=== UWC Telehealth ===
Another project, UWC Telehealth, is testing a system in a remote rural part of the Eastern Cape in South Africa that lets nurses and doctors use a wireless IP-based communication system to conduct patient referrals, request ambulance services and order supplies. The project ran into difficulties at first because Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) was illegal in South Africa, even over the UWC Telehealth network. The regulator removed this restriction, but there are still legislative obstacles to providing Internet access, which the project directors are challenging.


=== Zenzeleni Networks ===
This project is a "descendant" of the UWC Telehealth one above, in that UWC applied its learnings to support a more extensive project. After initially providing a local VOIP service, full internet was provided as smart phones became more widespread. Starting in Mankosi in the Eastern Cape, Zenzeleni expanded first to Zithulele and at time of writing, is planning further expansion.


=== Orange Farm and the Mesh Potato ===
Orange Farm is an informal settlement of about 300,000 people south of Johannesburg. Most people cannot afford mobile phones, and cannot afford to use the Internet cafes.  However Dabba, a telecommunications company, is providing affordable telephone service in Orange Farm through wireless mesh technology.
Dabba has installed several wireless routers that relay signals to an internet connection in a local community centre. Anyone within range of one of the routers can make phone calls using a Wi-Fi or SIP (Session Initiation Protocol) telephone. Calls within the network are free, and Dabba supports low-cost prepaid calls to telephones on other networks.  However, the phones average about $100 each and it takes significant technical knowledge and investment to build a network like this, so the model may not work in poorer rural communities.
Dabba is now working with the Shuttleworth Foundation, a non-profit South African charitable organization, in the Village telco project to develop an affordable and easy-to-install telephone system for rural communities. The goal was to design a system costing no more than US$5000 to get started, which a small-scale local entrepreneur could afford, and which would break even within six months. The project came up with the concept of a "mesh potato", a cheap device (perhaps $60 per unit) that can connect a standard analog telephone to the wireless network and also serves as a wireless mesh node, relaying signals from other mesh potatoes to a central wireless internet connection.  Dabba (and other companies with a similar model) will provide advice to wireless community network owners and connectivity to the outside world.  The technology has been tested and several manufacturers are showing interest in building the devices. The Village Telco concept may have potential in many other countries outside South Africa.


== References ==


== External links ==
Wireless User Group South Africa
Wireless Africa Wiki, South Africa
Telecommunications Law in South Africa
Jacques Le Ber (c. 1633 – 25 November 1706) was a merchant and seigneur in Montreal, New France.  In 1686 he was ennobled by Louis XIV and took the title Jacques Le Ber de Saint-Paul de Senneville, based on his hometown of Senneville-sur-Fécamp.


== Biography ==
Jacques Le Ber was born in c. 1633 in the parish of Pistre, Diocese of Rouen, son of Robert Le Ber and Colette Cavelier. He came to Canada in 1657 from France as a soldier but was mainly a businessman after his arrival. On January 7, 1658, he married Jeanne Le Moyne, the sister of Charles le Moyne de Longueuil et de Châteauguay and they became successful partners in the fur trade and the mercantile trade. Le Ber also was active in the cod fishery and West Indian trade including slaves.
Le Ber's wealth made him one of the most influential people of the time. For example, Governor General Frontenac sought his advice on important matters concerning trade and the welfare of the colony. Jacques Le Ber was ennobled in 1696.
In 1686, he built a stone mill on the Island of Montreal near the Ottawa River to provide the inhabitants of that area with a shelter in case of attack by the Five Nations. In 1693, he joined a war party of 300 Canadians, 100 soldiers, and 230 Indians that attacked the Mohawks in their own territory.


== Family ==
Le Ber came to Canada in 1657 and took up residence in Montreal. A brother, François, also settled there around the same time, and a sister, Marie, became an Ursuline nun in Quebec. Le Ber’s wife had died November 8, 1682, and two sons had also predeceased him: Louis, Sieur de Saint-Paul, who died in the early 1690s in La Rochelle where he had acted as his father’s business agent, and Jean-Vincent, Sieur Du Chesne, fatally wounded during an encounter with an English and Iroquois war party near Fort Chambly in 1691. Three children survived their father: Jeanne Le Ber, Pierre, and Jacques, Sieur de Senneville.
His daughter, Jeanne le Ber, used her inheritance to further the work of the Catholic Church in Montreal. Le Ber was buried in the church of the sisters of the Congregation of Notre Dame, the place where his famous recluse daughter lived and which she had largely funded.


== Honours ==
The village of Senneville, Quebec on the island of Montreal, is named for him.


== References ==


== External links ==
"Jacques Le Ber". Dictionary of Canadian Biography (online ed.). University of Toronto Press. 1979–2016.
Andrew Rodgers (born 18 October 1983 in Falkirk) is a Scottish footballer and coach who plays as a forward for Syngenta.


== Career ==
Rodgers began his career at Falkirk, scoring nine minutes into his debut after coming on as a substitute in a 2–1 win against Ross County in the First Division on 24 November 2001. During his time at Falkirk he spent a week on trial at English club Tottenham Hotspur in 2001.On 20 December 2003, he left Falkirk to join Dumbarton, initially on loan, before signing permanently on 18 June 2004.After two seasons at Dumbarton, on 22 July 2006, Rodgers moved to Montrose. He then signed for East Stirlingshire on 1 February 2008.On 11 July 2010, Rodgers signed for Second Division club Ayr United.Rodgers was released by Ayr in 2011 and signed for Stenhousemuir. He was awarded the SFL Goal of the Month for September 2011 for his overhead kick against East Fife, he had also scored a similar effort for Ayr United in a Scottish Cup tie against Junior club Sunnybank the previous season.On 25 January 2013, Rodgers signed for Peterhead on loan until the end of the 2012–13 season. On 21 June 2013, he agreed a deal to sign permanently for Peterhead. On 12 April 2014, Rodgers opened the scoring in Peterhead's 2–0 win against Clyde, a result which meant the club won the Scottish League Two title and promotion to League One.In July 2016, Rodgers returned to East Stirlingshire on a month-long loan deal. On 8 September 2016, Rodgers signed a full contract with East Stirlingshire until the end of the season. Rodgers scored 41 goals in his first season back at East Stirlingshire before following this up with 18 goals in the 2017-18 campaign, then 6 goals in 2018-19 and 3 goals in 2019–20. Rodgers was appointed player/assistant manager of The Shire in September 2018, alongside teammate and Shire legend Derek Ure; who took over managerial duties as player/manager.Rodgers left East Stirlingshire on 4 January 2021, and later signed with Shire's Lowland League rivals Kelty Hearts on 6 January 2021.Syngenta announced the signing of Rodgers on 4 June 2021.


== Honours ==
FalkirkScottish First Division: 2002–03PeterheadScottish League Two: 2013–14


== References ==


== External links ==
Andy Rodgers at Soccerbase
Rodgers at Soccerbase Dumbarton loan stats
Los Indios Tabajaras (The Tabajara Indians) was a guitar duo of two brothers, Antenor Lima and Natalicio (Nato) Lima, from Tianguá, Ceará in the Northeast of Brazil. The group name refers to the Tabajara, indigenous people who lived on the easternmost portion of the Atlantic coast of northeast Brazil in the period before and during Portuguese colonization, in the 16th century.


== Origins ==
Their beginnings are not clear, though most stories have them becoming accomplished guitar players after finding a guitar near Ceará, in spite of the improbability of the story. They found success in Rio de Janeiro, performing as Natalicio and Antenor Lima and dressing in ceremonial Indian costumes. Using classical guitars and playing transcriptions of classical violin and piano works, they were soon playing all over South America.Probably as early as 1943, RCA's Latin American arm signed them to a recording contract. In the early 1950s, they took a break from performing and went back to study the guitar. After returning to the stage later that same decade, they took on the name "Los Indios Tabajaras" and released an album in the United States on an RCA-owned label Vox.


== Breakthrough ==
Throughout this period, they had a steady stream of releases on RCA in Mexico and one of these, a Mexican popular tune named "María Elena" (Lorenzo Barcelata; named after the wife of a Mexican president and recorded in 1958), became a steady seller, a success throughout Latin America and was finally released on a single in the U.S. in 1963. It spent 14 weeks on the Hot 100 in the fall of 1963, four of which were in the top 10 in November 1963, reaching number 6 and had similar success in the United Kingdom. It sold over one million copies, and was awarded a gold disc.Los Indios Tabajaras continued touring throughout the Americas and Europe, and in 1964 they had another two releases, "Always in My Heart" and "Marta." Although "Always in My Heart" made the Billboard Hot 100, neither of these were nearly as successful as "Maria Elena."
Their fluent guitar playing caught the ear of American guitarist Chet Atkins and, along with pianist Floyd Cramer, they recorded an instrumental album in Nashville, Tennessee. They also recorded and released material with singer Don Gibson, including a re-recording of Gibson's 1958 hit "Oh Lonesome Me".


== Later years ==
RCA released albums by Los Indios Tabajaras into the 1980s. They were produced by Herman Diaz, Jr. until his retirement in 1975. They then worked with RCA producer Ethel Gabriel.Antenor retired from performing in 1979, and died in 1997. Natalicio continued to perform into the 1990s with his wife, Michiko. He died in November 2009.


== Discography ==
1953 Temura
1957 Popular and Folk Songs of Latin America
1958 Sweet and Savage
1963 Maria Elena
1963 Los Indios Tàba-Jàràs
1964 Always In My Heart
1964 The Mellow Guitar Moods of Los Indios Tabajaras
1965 Voglio Amarti Cosi
1965 The Many Splendored Guitars of Los Indios Tabajaras
1965 Twin Guitars - In A Mood For Lovers
1966 Musica Para Enamorados
1966 Don Gibson with Spanish Guitars (with Don Gibson)
1966 Casually Classic
1967 The Very Special Touch
1967 The Soft Touch of Los Indios Tabajaras
1968 The Fascinating Rhythms of Their Brazil
1968 In A Sentimental Mood
1969 Canciones De Las Islas (Song of the Islands)
1970 Dreams of Love
1970 Canciones Populaires y Folklóricas de Hispanoamerica (re-issue of 1957 album)
1970 Los Indios Tabajaras
1971 Lo Que El Mundo Necesita Ahora es Amor
1971 Suono d'Estate
1971 Marta
1971 The Very Thought of You
1972 Siempre En Mi Corazon
1972 Softly, As In A Morning Sunrise
1972 El Condor Pasa
1973 Play Favorite Movie Themes
1974 The Classical Guitars of
1975 Temas de Peliculas Europeas
1975 Country Music Cavalcade (shared with Chet Atkins and Floyd Cramer)
1976 Secret Love/All Time Film Favorites
1977 Mellow Nostalgia
1977 El Sonido de Los Indios Tabajaras
1978 Masterpieces
1979 Two Guitars
1980 Rainbows
1981 Beautiful Sounds
1982 Music For Romance
1983 Guitars on the Go
1988 The Magic Guitars of Los Indios Tabajaras
1992 The Joy of Playing


== References ==


== External links ==
Mayaudio.com Dead link.
On-line jukebox
John Cassini (born in Toronto) is a Canadian actor.


== Career ==
Cassini appeared in the 1995 Brad Pitt film Seven. He starred in the 2005 film Cool Money. Cassini starred as Ronnie Delmarco on the CBC series Intelligence, which was cancelled on March 7, 2008.He guest-starred in the CW series Arrow and on the USA network original series Motive in April 2016.
Cassini appeared in and is listed as a producer of  the film Guido Superstar: The Rise of Guido, starring, produced, and directed by Silvio Pollio, including, Nicholas Lea, Terry Chen, and Michael Eklund. The film screened at the 2010 Vancouver International Film Festival.


== Filmography ==


=== Film ===


=== Television ===


== References ==


== External links ==
John Cassini website
John Cassini at IMDb
Adam Tom Heather (born 7 November 1972) is an English cricketer.  Heather is a left-handed batsman.  He was born in Manchester, Lancashire.
Heather made his debut for Northumberland in the 1996 Minor Counties Championship against Staffordshire.  Heather played Minor counties cricket for Northumberland from 1996 to 2007, which included 53 Minor Counties Championship matches and 20 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches.  In 1999, he made his List A debut against Ireland in the NatWest Trophy.  He made 4 further List A appearances for the county, the last coming against Middlesex in the 2005 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy.  In his 5 List A matches, he scored 138 runs at a batting average of 27.60, with a high score of 79.  This came against the Northamptonshire Cricket Board in the 2000 NatWest Trophy.


== References ==


== External links ==
Adam Heather at ESPNcricinfo
Adam Heather at CricketArchive
Pervomaysky (Russian: Первомайский) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Posyolok Krasnoye Ekho, Gus-Khrustalny District, Vladimir Oblast, Russia. The population was 14 as of 2010.


== Geography ==
The village is located 22 km south-east from Krasnoye Ekho, 26 km north-east from Gus-Khrustalny.


== References ==
Poland competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 5 to 21 August 2016. Since the nation's official debut in 1924, Polish athletes have appeared in every edition of the Summer Olympic Games except the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, because of the Soviet boycott.


== Medalists ==


== Competitors ==


== Archery ==

One Polish archer qualified for the women's individual recurve by obtaining one of the eight Olympic places available from the 2015 World Archery Championships in Copenhagen, Denmark.


== Athletics ==

Polish athletes have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events (up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event):On May 6, 2016, the Polish Olympic Committee had selected the first batch of track and field athletes for the Games, featuring double Worlds champion and London 2012 Olympian Paweł Fajdek (hammer throw) and Beijing 2008 silver medalist Piotr Małachowski (discus throw).

Track & road events
MenWomenField events
MenWomenCombined events – Men's decathlon


== Badminton ==

Poland has qualified five badminton players for each of the following events into the Olympic tournament. Adrian Dziółko was selected among the top 34 individual shuttlers in the men's singles, while the men's (Cwalina & Wacha) and mixed doubles (Mateusiak & Zięba) had claimed their Olympic spots each with a top 16 finish in the BWF World Rankings as of 5 May 2016.


== Boxing ==

Poland has entered two boxers to compete in each of the following weight classes into the Olympic boxing tournament. Tomasz Jabłoński was the only Polish boxer to be selected to the Olympic team with a top two finish of his respective division in the World Series of Boxing. Meanwhile, world no. 1 seed Igor Jakubowski had claimed an Olympic place as the winner and sole recipient of the men's heavyweight division at the 2016 AIBA World Qualifying Tournament in Baku.


== Canoeing ==


=== Slalom ===
Polish canoeists have qualified a maximum of one boat in each of the following classes through the 2015 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships. The slalom canoeing team was named to the Polish roster at the conclusion of the 2016 European Canoe Slalom Championships on May 18, 2016.


=== Sprint ===
Polish canoeists have qualified one boat in each of the following events through the 2015 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships.
MenWomenQualification Legend: FA = Qualify to final A (medal); FB = Qualify to final B (non-medal)


== Cycling ==


=== Road ===
Polish riders qualified for the following quota places in the men's and women's Olympic road race by virtue of their top 15 national finish in the 2015 UCI World Tour (for men) and top 22 in the 2016 UCI World Ranking (for women).
MenWomen


=== Track ===
Following the completion of the 2016 UCI Track Cycling World Championships, Polish riders have accumulated spots in the men's team sprint, the women's team pursuit, and the women's omnium. As a result of their place in the men's team sprint, Poland has won the right to enter two riders in both the men's sprint and keirin.
The full track cycling team was named to the Polish roster for the Games on July 7, 2016, with Damian Zieliński leading the nation's riders on the velodrome at his third Olympics.
SprintTeam sprintPursuitKeirinOmnium


=== Mountain biking ===
Polish mountain bikers qualified for two women's quota places into the Olympic cross-country race, as a result of the nation's seventh-place finish in the UCI Olympic Ranking List of May 25, 2016. First-time Olympian Katarzyna Solus-Miśkowicz and Beijing 2008 runner-up Maja Włoszczowska were named to the Polish mountain biking team for the Games on May 30, 2016.


== Equestrian ==

Poland has received a spare berth freed up by Switzerland to send an eventing rider to the Games, as the next highest-ranked eligible athlete, not yet qualified, outside the group selection in the individual FEI Olympic Rankings.


=== Eventing ===


== Fencing ==

Polish fencers have qualified a full squad in the women's team sabre by picking up the spare berth freed up by Africa for being the next highest ranking nation in the FIE Olympic Team Rankings. Hanna Łyczbińska secured a spot on the Polish team in the women's foil by virtue of a top two placement from Europe outside the world's top 14 in the FIE Adjusted Official Rankings. The fencing team was officially named to the Olympic roster on June 29, 2016.


== Gymnastics ==


=== Artistic ===
Poland has entered one artistic gymnast into the Olympic competition. This Olympic berth had been awarded to the Polish female gymnast, who participated in the apparatus and all-around events at the Olympic Test Event in Rio de Janeiro.
Women


== Handball ==

Summary


=== Men's tournament ===

Poland men's handball team qualified for the Olympics by virtue of a top two finish at the first meet of the Olympic Qualification Tournament in Gdańsk.
Team rosterThe following is the Polish roster in the men's handball tournament of the 2016 Summer Olympics.Head coach:  Talant Duyshebaev

Group play
QuarterfinalSemifinalBronze medal match


== Judo ==

Poland has qualified a total of eight judokas for each of the following weight classes at the Games. Maciej Sarnacki, along with London 2012 Olympians Katarzyna Kłys and Daria Pogorzelec, were ranked among the top 22 eligible judokas for men and top 14 for women in the IJF World Ranking List of May 30, 2016, while Arleta Podolak at women's lightweight (57 kg) earned a continental quota spot from the European region as the highest-ranked Polish judoka outside of direct qualifying position.


== Modern pentathlon ==

Poland has qualified a total of three modern pentathletes for the following events at the Games. Oktawia Nowacka and London 2012 Olympian Szymon Staśkiewicz secured their selection in the men's and women's event, respectively, by virtue of a top eight individual finish at the European Championships, while Anna Maliszewska was ranked among the top 10 modern pentathletes, not yet qualified, based on the UIPM World Rankings as of June 1, 2016.


== Rowing ==

Poland has qualified a total of eight boats for each of the following rowing classes into the Olympic regatta. Six rowing crews had confirmed Olympic places for their boats at the 2015 FISA World Championships in Lac d'Aiguebelette, France, while rowers competing in men's eight and women's pair were further added to the Polish roster with their top four finish at the 2016 European & Final Qualification Regatta in Lucerne, Switzerland.

MenWomenQualification Legend: FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal); FC=Final C (non-medal); FD=Final D (non-medal); FE=Final E (non-medal); FF=Final F (non-medal); SA/B=Semifinals A/B; SC/D=Semifinals C/D; SE/F=Semifinals E/F; QF=Quarterfinals; R=Repechage


== Sailing ==

Polish sailors have qualified one boat in each of the following classes through the 2014 ISAF Sailing World Championships, the individual fleet Worlds, and European qualifying regattas.
MenWomenM = Medal race; EL = Eliminated – did not advance into the medal race


== Shooting ==

Polish shooters have achieved quota places for the following events by virtue of their best finishes at the 2015 ISSF World Cup series, and the European Championships, as long as they obtained a minimum qualifying score (MQS) as of March 31, 2016. The entire shooting squad was named to the Polish roster on July 5, 2016, with rifle markswomen Agnieszka Nagay and London 2012 silver medalist Sylwia Bogacka returning for their fourth Olympics.
Qualification Legend: Q = Qualify for the next round; q = Qualify for the bronze medal (shotgun)


== Swimming ==

Polish swimmers have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following events (up to a maximum of 2 swimmers in each event at the Olympic Qualifying Time (OQT), and potentially 1 at the Olympic Selection Time (OST)): To assure their selection to the Olympic team, swimmers must attain the Olympic qualifying cut in each of the individual events at the 2015 World Championships and at the 2016 Polish Championships & Olympic Trials in Szczecin (May 27 to 30).

MenWomen


== Table tennis ==

Poland has fielded a team of six athletes into the table tennis competition at the Games. 2012 Olympian Li Qian secured one of ten available Olympic spots in the women's singles by winning the group final match at the European Qualification Tournament in Halmstad, Sweden. London 2012 Olympians Wang Zengyi and Katarzyna Grzybowska, along with Jakub Dyjas, were automatically selected among the top 22 eligible players in their respective singles events based on the ITTF Olympic Rankings.Daniel Górak and Paralympian Natalia Partyka were each awarded the third spot to build the men's and women's teams for the Games by virtue of the top 10 national finish in the ITTF Olympic Rankings.
MenWomen


== Taekwondo ==

Poland entered two athletes into the taekwondo competition at the Olympics. Piotr Paziński and 2015 European Games silver medalist Karol Robak secured spots in the men's lightweight (68 kg) and welterweight category (80 kg) respectively by virtue of their top two finish at the 2016 European Qualification Tournament in Istanbul, Turkey.


== Tennis ==

Poland has entered seven tennis players (three men and four women) into the Olympic tournament. London 2012 Olympian Agnieszka Radwańska (world no. 3) qualified directly for the women's singles as one of the top 56 eligible players in the WTA World Rankings, while Jerzy Janowicz (world no. 120) had claimed one of six ITF Olympic men's singles places, as Poland's top-ranked tennis player outside of direct qualifying position in the ATP World Rankings as of June 6, 2016. Going to his fourth straight Games, Marcin Matkowski teamed up his new partner Łukasz Kubot to compete in the men's doubles, and were subsequently added to the Polish tennis team by virtue of their combined ATP ranking.Due to the withdrawal of several tennis players from the Games, Magda Linette, along with Klaudia Jans-Ignacik and Paula Kania received spare ITF Olympic places to compete in the women's singles and doubles, respectively.
MenWomenMixed


== Triathlon ==

Poland has entered one triathlete to compete at the Games. London 2012 Olympian Agnieszka Jerzyk was ranked among the top 40 eligible triathletes in the women's event based on the ITU Olympic Qualification List as of May 15, 2016.


== Volleyball ==


=== Beach ===
Three Polish beach volleyball teams (two men's pairs and one women's pair) qualified directly for the Olympics by virtue of their nation's top 15 placement in the FIVB Olympic Rankings as of June 13, 2016.


=== Indoor ===


==== Men's tournament ====

Poland men's volleyball team qualified for the Olympics by virtue of a top three national finish at the first meet of the World Olympic Qualifying Tournament in Tokyo, Japan.
Team rosterThe following is the Polish roster in the men's volleyball tournament of the 2016 Summer Olympics.Head coach:  Stéphane Antiga

Group play
Quarterfinal


== Weightlifting ==

Polish weightlifters have qualified four men's quota places for the Rio Olympics based on their combined team standing by points at the 2014 and 2015 IWF World Championships. A single women's Olympic spot had been added to the Polish roster by virtue of a top six national finish at the 2016 European Championships. The team must allocate these places to individual athletes by June 20, 2016.


== Wrestling ==

Poland has qualified a total of eight wrestlers for each of the following weight classes into the Olympic tournament.  Three of them had booked Olympic spots with their semifinal triumphs at the 2016 European Qualification Tournament. Meanwhile, the other half of the Polish roster had claimed the remaining Olympic slots in separate World Qualification Tournaments; two of them each in the men's freestyle 86 & 125 kg at the initial meet in Ulaanbaatar, and two more in the women's freestyle 48 & 63 kg at the final meet in Istanbul.
On May 11, 2016, United World Wrestling decided to revoke an Olympic license from Poland in men's freestyle 65 kg, due to doping violations at the European Qualification Tournament, but the license was reinstated two months later, following the recent meldonium guidelines released by IOC and WADA.

Men's freestyleWomen's freestyle


== See also ==
Poland at the 2016 Summer Paralympics


== References ==


== External links ==

Poland at the 2016 Summer Olympics at SR/Olympics (archived)
Radio Nikkei (ラジオNIKKEI, Rajio Nikkei) is Japan's nationwide free-to-air shortwave commercial radio station. It started broadcast on August 27, 1954. Radio Nikkei 2 started broadcast on September 2, 1963.
Radio Nikkei's headquarters are located at Kotohira Tower, 2-8 Toranomon 1-chōme, Minato, Tokyo.  Its headquarters was previously at 9-15 Akasaka 1-chōme, Minato, Tokyo.


== Background ==
It is operated by Nikkei Radio Broadcasting Corporation (株式会社日経ラジオ社, Kabushiki-gaisha Nikkei Rajio-sha), whose main share is held by Nihon Keizai Shimbun and Tokyo Stock Exchange. The headquarters and the main studio are located at Kotohira Tower at Toranomon, Minato, Tokyo. It also has its branch office in Ōtemae, Chūō-ku, Osaka.
Along with the headquarters' studio, the studios in Tokyo are inside the Tokyo Stock Exchange and two other public satellite studios. In Osaka, it also has studios in the branch office and a satellite studio.
Besides its shortwave coverage Radio Nikkei is also available on mobile phones and online through Radiko – the platform accessible only from Japan, due to geo-blocking of non-Japanese IP addresses.


== Programming ==
The language is almost exclusively in Japanese except an English language learning programme.
The station features the following four genres as the core of its programming: finance, JRA horse racing (weekends), health-medical, and culture.
Radio Nikkei 1 is for general programs and eastern Japan horse-racing coverage. Radio Nikkei 2 is for live company stock price announcement and western Japan horse-racing coverage. Radio Nikkei 2's programming on weekdays is named Rani Music which is aimed for businesspersons at their 30s and 40s with music programs.
Although Radio Nikkei is a member of Nikkei Media Group, its programming does not have a strong connection with the group's television networks, TXN and Nikkei CNBC.


== Frequencies, beam, modulation and hours ==
From its transmitting stations in Nagara, Chiba and Nemuro, Hokkaidō, it transmits on the following frequencies, power and call signs.

Radio Nikkei 1:
3.925 MHz/50 kW (JOZ); 10 kW (JOZ4): JOZ, JOZ4 (JOZ only broadcasts in emergencies)
6.055 MHz/50 kW: JOZ2
9.595 MHz/50 kW: JOZ3 (Broadcast only in case of emergency)
Radio Nikkei 2:
3.945 MHz/10 kW: JOZ5 (Broadcast only when the broadcast is extended or in case of emergency)
6.115 MHz/50 kW: JOZ6
9.76 MHz/50 kW: JOZ7 (Broadcast only in case of emergency)The horizontal dipole antennas radiate towards the northeast and the southwest direction, which would cover the Japanese archipelago.
As of June 2007, its shortwave transmissions are in an ordinary amplitude modulation: double sideband full carrier (A3E).
Radio Nikkei 1 begins at 05:40 in Japan Standard Time (JST), 20:40 (the day before) in the UTC and ends at 22:30JST=13:30UTC (Mondays to Thursdays), 23:30JST=14:30UTC (Fridays), 23:15JST=14:15UTC (Saturdays) and 21:00JST=12:00UTC (Sundays).
Radio Nikkei 2 begins at 08:00JST=23:00UTC and ends at 16:30JST=07:30UTC (Mondays to Fridays), 18:00=09:00UTC (Saturdays and Sundays).
The schedule changes subject to program availability.


== References ==
(Japanese) Radio Nikkei Schedule.


== External links ==
(Japanese) Radio Nikkei
Megachile kamerunensis is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae. It was described by Friese in 1922.


== References ==
Niels Kuster (born June 19, 1957, in Olten, Switzerland) is a Swiss electrical engineer and Professor. The focus of his research is on the electromagnetic near field, basics for assessing/using the interaction of electromagnetic fields with organisms, and physiological simulations as part of biophysics.


== Early life and education ==
Kuster grew up in Olten, in the Swiss Canton of Solothurn, where he attended elementary and middle school. After graduating from Gymnasium with the "Matura Type C" (concentration in mathematics and physical sciences) diploma, he studied at the ETH Zurich and graduated in 1984 with a degree in electrical engineering. Starting in 1985, he pursued doctoral work in the Laboratory for Field Theory and Microwave Technology (IFH) at the ETH Zurich under the direction of Heinrich Baggenstos, during which time he was a teaching and research assistant. He defended his doctoral dissertation, entitled "Dosimetric assessment of EM sources near biological bodies by computer simulations", in 1992.


== Career ==
During his post-doctoral studies at IFH in 1992, Prof. Kuster also worked at the Electromagnetics Laboratory of Motorola Inc in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. In 1993, Kuster was then appointed assistant professor in the Department of Information Technology and Electrical Engineering (D-ITET) at the ETH Zurich. Kuster co-founded Schmid and Partners Engineering AG (SPEAG) in December 1994 as a spin-off company of the ETH-Zurich, together with Thomas Schmid, Kurt Schmid, Martin Schmid, Oliver Egger, and Klaus Meier, with the main objective to further develop and commercialize the Dosimetric Assessment SYstem (DASY), the first electromagnetic near-field scanner optimized for testing the compliance of mobile communications devices with safety limits. In 1998, he was a visiting professor and lecturer at the Tokyo Metropolitan University in Japan. In 1999, he founded the Swiss non-profit Foundation for Research on Information Technology in Society (IT'IS) and relocated his research group there to be able to react more flexibly to research problems concerning human exposure to electromagnetic radiation. Kuster founded ZMT Zurich MedTech AG (ZMT) in 2006 as a spin-off company of the ETH-Zurich and the IT'IS Foundation. Between 2000 and 2021, he has been able to acquire more than CHF 100 million in 3rd-party funding. He was an adjunct professor at the ETH Zurich from 2001 to 2022 and headed the BioElectromagnetics research group of the ETH's Laboratory for Integrated Systems. His main achievements are in the areas of measurement and simulation methods in the electromagnetic near field, safety aspects of wireless communications and magnetic resonance imaging, virtual human and animal models for investigations of anatomy-dependent interactions and optimization of therapies via computer simulation (e.g., in silico clinical trials and neurostimulation).


== Participation in start-up companies ==
Prof. Kuster has been involved in the founding of several start-up companies:

1994: Schmid & Partner Engineering AG (SPEAG) together with Thomas Schmid, Kurt Schmid, Martin Schmid, Oliver Egger, and Klaus Meier
1999: MaxWave AG, co-founder
2006: ZMT Zurich MedTech AG, co-founder with the IT'IS team for medical research
2011: Thessaloniki Software Solutions S.A. (THESS), co-founder
2011: BNNSPEAG, a joint venture between SPEAG and the Indian company BNN Communication Engineers
2011: SCALK, a joint venture between SPEAG and the South Korean company Dymstec Co., Ltd
2019: TI Solutions AG, a joint venture to foster temporal interference (TI) research


== Other activities ==
Consultant to government agencies on safety issues related to wireless devices
Member of professional societies such as the Bioelectromagnetics Society (BEMS), the European Society of Hyperthermic Oncology (ESHO), the Society for Thermal Medicine (STM), the Society for Neuroscience (SfN), and the Swiss Society for Neuroscience (SSN).
Associate Editor of the IEEE Transactions on Electromagnetic Compatibility
Participation in international standards committees, including the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) Technical Committee (TC) 106,  TC 61, and the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) TS 10974:2018


== Awards and honors ==
2011: IEEE Fellow: Laudatio: For contributions to the area of near-field exposures and dosimetry for radiofrequency fields in biomedical research
2012: d'Arsonval Award, the highest award of the Bioelectromagnetics Society
2014: Institute of Electronics, Information, and Communication Engineers (IEICE) Senior Member


== References ==


== External links ==
Niels Kuster publications indexed by Google Scholar
Schmid & Partner Engineering AG homepage
ZMT Zurich MedTech AG homepage
TI Solutions AG homepage
A silique or siliqua (plural siliques or siliquae) is a type of fruit (seed capsule) having two fused carpels with the length being more than three times the width. When the length is less than three times the width of the dried fruit it is referred to as a silicle. The outer walls of the ovary (the valves) usually separate when ripe, then being named dehiscent, and leaving a persistent partition (the replum). Siliques are present in many members of the mustard family, Brassicaceae, but some species have silicles instead. Some species closely related to plants with true siliques have fruits with a similar structure that do not open when ripe; these are usually called indehiscent siliques (compare dehiscence).

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		


== See also ==
Legume – a fruit type that somewhat resembles a silique, but is derived from one carpel that typically splits along two sides.


== References ==


== External links ==
https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/fpls.2020.00580/full
Setaria megaphylla, the broad-leaved bristle grass, big-leaf bristle grass, ribbon bristle grass, or bigleaf bristlegrass, is native to south-eastern Africa. It is also cultivated, and it has naturalized outside its native range, for example, in Florida in the United States.It may be found in glades in forested areas and along rivers or streams. It can grow to more than 2 metres tall and has broad dark green leaves and hairy leaf sheaths. Many kinds of birds, such as finches and canaries, eat the seeds.


== References ==
James Francis "Frank" Hurley  (15 October 1885 – 16 January 1962) was an Australian photographer and adventurer. He participated in a number of expeditions to Antarctica and served as an official photographer with Australian forces during both world wars. He was the official photographer for the Australasian Antarctic Expedition and the Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition of 1914–16.
His artistic style produced many memorable images. He also used staged scenes, composites and photographic manipulation.


== Early life ==
Frank Hurley was the third of five children to parents Edward and Margaret Hurley and was raised in Glebe, a suburb of Sydney, Australia. He ran away from home at the age of 13 to work on the Lithgow steel mill, returning home two years later to study at the local technical school and attend science lectures at the University of Sydney.
When he was 17 he bought his first camera, a 15-shilling Kodak Box Brownie which he paid for at the rate of a shilling per week. He taught himself photography and set himself up in the postcard business, where he gained a reputation for putting himself in danger in order to produce stunning images, including placing himself in front of an oncoming train to capture it on film.
Hurley married Antoinette Rosalind Leighton on 11 April 1918. The couple had four children: identical twin daughters, Adelie (later a press photographer) and Toni, one son, Frank, and youngest daughter Yvonne.


== Antarctic expeditions ==
During his lifetime, Hurley spent more than four years in Antarctica. At the age of 23, in 1908, Hurley learned that Australian explorer Douglas Mawson was planning an expedition to Antarctica; fellow Sydney-sider Henri Mallard in 1911, recommended Hurley for the position of official photographer to Mawson's Australasian Antarctic Expedition, ahead of himself.Hurley asserts in his biography that he then cornered Mawson as he was making his way to their interview on a train, using the advantage to talk his way into the job. Mawson was persuaded, while Mallard, who was the manager of Harringtons—a local Kodak franchise—to which Hurley was in debt, provided photographic equipment. The expedition departed in 1911, returning in 1914. On his return, he edited and released a documentary, Home of the Blizzard, using his footage from the expedition.Hurley was also the official photographer on Sir Ernest Shackleton's Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition which set out in 1914 and was marooned until August 1916; Hurley's photographic kit for the expedition included the cinematograph machine, plate still camera and several smaller Kodak cameras, along with various lenses, tripods, and developing equipment, most of which had to be abandoned with the loss of their ship Endurance in 1915. He kept only a hand-held Vest Pocket Kodak camera and three rolls of film and for the rest of the expedition, he shot a total of just 38 images. He also selected and saved 120 of his glass-plate negatives smashing about 400 remaining ones. Some of the plates from the expedition are now part of the State Library of New South Wales collection.Hurley produced many pioneering colour images of the expedition using the then-popular Paget process of colour photography. He photographed in South Georgia in 1917. He later compiled his records into the documentary film South in 1919. His footage was also used in the 2001 IMAX film Shackleton's Antarctic Adventure. He then returned to the Antarctic in 1929 and 1931, on Mawson's British Australian and New Zealand Antarctic Research Expedition.


== Wartime photography ==
In 1917, Hurley joined the Australian Imperial Force (AIF) as an honorary captain, and captured many stunning battlefield scenes during the Third Battle of Ypres. In keeping with his adventurous spirit, he took considerable risks to photograph his subjects, also producing many rare panoramic and colour photographs of the conflict. Hurley kept a diary from 1917 to 1918, chronicling his time as a war photographer. In it, he described his commitment "to illustrate to the public the things our fellows do and how war is conducted", and his short-lived resignation in October 1917 when he was ordered not to produce composite images—a practice that was especially popular among professional photographers at the time and one that he believed could portray the disgust and horror that he felt during the war in such a way that his audience would feel it too. His period with the AIF ended in March 1918.
For the 1918 London exhibition, Australian War Pictures and Photographs, he employed composites for photomurals to convey drama of the war on a scale otherwise not possible using the technology available. This brought Hurley into conflict with the AIF on the grounds that montage diminished documentary value. He wrote that he would dress in civilian clothes and eavesdrop on soldiers who were visiting his exhibitions; he concluded that the composites were justified by the favourable comments they attracted. Charles Bean, official war historian, labelled Hurley's composite images "fake".Hurley again worked as an official photographer during the Second World War.  He was employed by the Australian Department of Information as head of the Photographic Unit from September 1940 until early  1943, based in Cairo. He took the only film of the initial victory against the Italians at Sidi Barrani in December 1940, which was given to Cinesound and Movietone News for global release.  He also covered the battle of Bardia and the Siege of Tobruk in 1941, and both of the battles at El Alamein in 1942. Several volumes of his War Diaries cover this period.In early 1943, the AIF 9th Division was recalled to Australia to fight the Japanese forces in the Pacific theatre.  Hurley resigned his position, but remained in the Middle East, and accepted the position of Middle East Director of Army Features and Propaganda Films with the British Ministry of Information. In this capacity, he travelled a reported 200,000 miles covering the region from Libya to Persia, making regular items for War Pictorial News and 2-reel features.  He photographed two conferences of leaders at Cairo and Teheran in 1943.  Only one diary volume survives for this period. It includes a summary of his 1943 work, and covers a four-month journey from Cairo to Teheran commencing in February 1944, during which he took footage for The Road to Russia (1944),  A Day in the Life of a King (1944), possibly the first film of the Marsh Arabs  Garden of Eden (1945), and one other feature about Teheran itself.   Other features of this period include Cairo (1944), and The Holy Land (1945). Hurley returned to Australia in September 1946.


== Cinematography ==
Hurley also used a film camera to record a range of experiences including the Antarctic expeditions, the building of the Sydney Harbour Bridge, and war in the Middle East during World War II. The camera was a Debrie Parvo L 35 mm hand-crank camera made in France. This camera is now in the collection of the National Museum of Australia.Hurley made several documentaries throughout his career, most notably Pearls and Savages (1921). He wrote and directed several dramatic feature films, including Jungle Woman (1926) and The Hound of the Deep (1926). He also worked as cinematographer for Cinesound Productions where his best known film credits include The Squatter's Daughter (1933), The Silence of Dean Maitland (1934) and Grandad Rudd (1935).


== See also ==
Photography in Australia


== References ==


== Bibliography ==
Hurley, Frank, 1885–1962 & Ponting, Herbert, 1870–1935 & Boddington, Jennie, 1922– (1979). Antarctic photographs 1910–1916. Macmillan, London
Dixon Robert (2012).Photography, early cinema and colonial modernity : Frank Hurley's synchronised lecture entertainments.
Edited by Robert Dixon and Christopher Lee (2011).The Diaries of 1912–1941.
Ennis, Helen (2010). Frank Hurley's Antarctica. Canberra: National Library of Australia. ISBN 9780642276988.
Kleinig, Simon (August 2003). "Hiking with Hurley". NLA News, Volume 13, Number 11. National Library of Australia.
McGregor, Alasdair (2004). Frank Hurley: A photographer's life. Camberwell: Viking. ISBN 9780670888955.
Jolly, Martyn. "Australian First–World–War photography Frank Hurley and Charles Bean." History of photography 23.2 (1999): 141–148. https://doi.org/10.1080/03087298.1999.10443814
Millar, David P. (1984). From snowdrift to shellfire : Capt. James Francis (Frank) Hurley, 1885–1962. Sydney: David Ell Press. ISBN 9780908197590.


== External links ==

Works by Frank Hurley at Open Library
Works by or about Frank Hurley at Internet Archive
Bye Bye Birdie is a 1963 American musical romantic comedy film directed by George Sidney from a screenplay by Irving Brecher, based on Michael Stewart's book of the 1960 musical of the same name. It also features songs by composer Charles Strouse and lyricist Lee Adams, and a score by Johnny Green. Produced by Fred Kohlmar, the film stars Janet Leigh, Dick Van Dyke, Ann-Margret, Maureen Stapleton, Bobby Rydell, Jesse Pearson, and Ed Sullivan.  Van Dyke and featured player Paul Lynde reprised their roles from the original Broadway production.
The story was inspired by Elvis Presley being drafted into the United States Army in 1957. Jesse Pearson plays the role of teen idol Conrad Birdie, whose character name is a word play on country singer Conway Twitty, who was, at that time, a teen idol pop artist.The film was Van Dyke's feature film debut and helped make Ann-Margret a superstar during the mid-1960s. Her performance earned a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress and her next role was with Presley in Viva Las Vegas.
In 2006, the film was ranked number 38 on Entertainment Weekly's list of the 50 Best High School Movies.


== Plot ==
In 1962, popular rock and roll superstar Conrad Birdie receives an Army draft notice, devastating his teenage fans nationwide. Despite his doctorate in biochemistry, unsuccessful songwriter Albert Peterson schemes with his secretary and long-suffering girlfriend Rosie DeLeon to have Conrad sing a song Albert will write. Rosie convinces Ed Sullivan to have Conrad perform Albert's song "One Last Kiss" on The Ed Sullivan Show and then kiss a randomly chosen high school girl goodbye before joining the Army. After this succeeds, Albert will feel free to marry Rosie, despite his widowed, meddlesome mother Mae's long history of interfering with her son's life.
Columbus, Ohio, is chosen as the location for Conrad's farewell performance. The random lucky girl chosen, Kim MacAfee, is thrilled, unlike her high school sweetheart, Hugo Peabody. The teenagers of nearby Sweet Apple, blissfully unaware of their town's impending fame, are spending the "Telephone Hour" discussing the latest gossip: Kim and Hugo have just gotten pinned (a tradition where a boy gives a girl his fraternity pin, indicating a serious commitment to each other) and Kim feels grown up ("How Lovely to Be a Woman").
Upon Conrad's arrival, the teenage girls sing their anthem, "We Love You Conrad", while the boys express their dislike of him ("We Hate You Conrad!"). Sweet Apple becomes very popular, but some local adults are unhappy with the sudden celebrity, especially after Conrad's song "Honestly Sincere" and his hip-thrusting moves cause every woman, including the mayor's wife, to faint.
Pressured by the town's leading citizens, Kim's father Harry declines to allow her to kiss Conrad on television, until Albert placates him by promising that his "whole family" will be on Sullivan's TV show ("Hymn for a Sunday Evening"). Albert reveals to Harry that he is actually a biochemist who has developed a miracle supplement for domestic animals that will make a hen lay three eggs a day; they test it on the family's pet tortoise, which speeds out the door. Harry, a fertilizer salesman, sees a great future for himself marketing this pill with Albert.
Hugo feels threatened by Conrad, but Kim reassures him that he is the "One Boy" for her. Rosie, meanwhile, feels unappreciated by Albert, who persuades her to "Put on a Happy Face". Albert's mother Mae shows up, distressed to find the pair together; Harry is also agitated about Conrad's monopoly of his house and Kim's behavioral changes. Both lament the problems with "Kids" today.
During rehearsal for the broadcast, an impatient Conrad kisses Kim (who swoons). Hugo is hurt and Kim breaks up with him. Later that night, at the local malt shop, Conrad, Kim, Hugo, and many of their friends assert that they have "A Lot of Livin' to Do". Meanwhile, after being informed the Russian Ballet has switched to a different dance requiring extra time, therefore eliminating Conrad's song and farewell kiss to Kim, Albert unsuccessfully attempts to convince the Ballet's manager to shorten its performance. Afterwards, he dejectedly decides to drown his sorrows at Maude's Madcap Café, a local bar.
Surprisingly, he finds Mae there, playing canasta with the owner Mr. Maude, also a widower. Rosie, fed up with Albert and his mother, also goes to the café for "a night to remember". After ordering three drinks (but only gulping down one), Rosie goes into another room where the Shriners convention is taking place. She starts dancing and flirting with the men ("Sultans' Ballet"), but when the scene becomes too wild, Albert rescues her from the crazed Shriners.
The next day, Rosie formulates how to get back Conrad's spot on The Ed Sullivan Show that evening. She slips one of Albert's pills into the orchestra conductor's milk, which speeds up the ballet, amusing the audience, offending the Russians and placing Conrad back on the show to sing "One Last Kiss". However, just as Conrad is about to kiss Kim, Hugo runs onstage and punches Conrad, knocking him out on the live telecast, which shocks Albert and Rosie.
Kim and Hugo reunite. Albert is free to marry now ("Rosie") and his mother agrees, revealing her own marriage to Mr. Maude. All three couples live happily ever after. Kim, now wiser, bids Conrad a fond goodbye in "Bye Bye Birdie (Reprise)".


== Cast ==

In addition, in uncredited cameo appearances as themselves, are two CBS personalities: former ABC News anchor turned CBS game show host John Daly, doing a live news report from in front of the United States Capitol; and The Ed Sullivan Show orchestra leader Ray Bloch, reprising that role.


== Musical numbers ==
"Bye Bye Birdie" – Kim
"The Telephone Hour" – Ursula and Sweet Apple Kids
"How Lovely to Be a Woman" – Kim
"We Love/Hate You Conrad" - Kim, Ursula, Hugo and Sweet Apple Kids
"Honestly Sincere" – Conrad
"Hymn for a Sunday Evening" – Harry, Doris, Kim and Randolph
"One Boy" – Kim, Hugo and Rosie
"Put on a Happy Face" – Albert and Rosie
"Kids" – Harry, Mae, Albert and Randolph
"One Last Kiss (Gym Rehearsal)" – Conrad
"A Lot of Livin' to Do" – Conrad, Kim, Hugo and Sweet Apple Kids
"Shriner's Ballet" – Rosie (non-vocal dance number)
"One Last Kiss" – Conrad
"Rosie" – Albert, Rosie, Kim and Hugo
"Bye Bye Birdie (Reprise)" – Kim


== Differences from stage musical ==
Several significant changes were made in the plot and character relationships in the film from the stage version. The film was rewritten to showcase the talents of rising star Ann-Margret, adding the title song for her and dropping songs by certain other characters.

The name of the character Rosie Alvarez was changed to Rosie DeLeon, and the song "Spanish Rose" was dropped for this film.
In the film, Albert is neither Birdie's agent nor an aspiring English teacher but a talented research chemist. He contributed to Birdie's initial success, and therefore Birdie "owes" him a favor. Albert has not written "One Last Kiss" when Rosie pitches the idea to Sullivan.
In the film, Lou, of "Almaelou", is Mae's deceased husband. In the musical, he was Al and Mae's dog.
The film version of "A Lot of Livin' to Do" features Pearson, Ann-Margret and Rydell in a colorful song-and-dance number staged to show Kim and Hugo trying to make each other jealous.
The songs "An English Teacher", "Baby, Talk to Me", "What Did I Ever See in Him", and "Normal American Boy" were omitted from the film, as was the "100 Ways to Kill a Man" ballet.
The plot structure is altered so The Ed Sullivan Show broadcast is at the end of the movie; in the stage musical, it is at the closing of the first act.
The film version ends on a brighter note:
Hugo prevents the "last kiss" by running out on stage and knocking Birdie out with a single punch on live television. In doing so, he wins Kim's heart, and the young couple is reunited.
There is no arrest of Conrad for statutory rape, forcing him to flee in disguise.
In the Broadway musical, Albert's mother is portrayed as a recalcitrant racist and abandoned by her son. In the film, Albert's mother shows up with a man (Mr. Maude) in tow, informs Albert and Rosie that she has married him, and gives Albert and Rosie her blessing for their long-postponed wedding.
In the film, Albert and Mr. McAfee agree to become partners selling Albert's chemical formulas.
The film ends with Ann-Margret singing a slightly revised version of the title song: "Bye Bye Birdie, the Army's got you now...."


== Production ==
According to Ann-Margret, she was cast when director George Sidney saw her dancing while on a date at the Sands Casino on New Year's Eve 1961.Sidney was so smitten with the rising new star that Janet Leigh was "very upset that all the close-ups were going to Ann-Margret", as Leigh herself was the lead star of the film.Sidney says originally he was only going to produce and Gower Champion would direct, but Champion told Sidney he could not see it as a film, so Sidney stepped in. "That was a great deal of fun," said Sidney. "It was a young people's picture, with a lot of bright, gay noisy cast members yelling and screaming."Ann-Margret was paid $3,500 a week and earned $85,000 in all.


== Reception ==
Bye Bye Birdie grossed $233,825 in its opening week at Radio City Music Hall in New York, a house record at that time. It was the 8th highest-grossing film of 1963, grossing $13.1 million domestically, of which distributor Columbia Pictures received $6.2 million in rentals.On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, 86% of 29 critics' reviews are positive, with an average rating of 6.7/10. The website's consensus reads: "A poppy satire on pop music, Bye Bye Birdie is silly, light, and very, very pink." According to Filmink Ann-Margret "stole the show". Wanda Hale of the New York Daily News gave the comedy a full four-star rating and said it "bubbles over with the vitality of youth and the fun of farce as it creates a teenage furor over a hip-twisting, leering rock 'n' roll male singer." Philip K. Scheuer of the Los Angeles Times said it "should repeat the success It scored on the stage and is in the smash class with 'West Side Story' and 'The Music Man.'" A user of the Mae Tinee pseudonym in the Chicago Tribune said "the music is pleasant, the dances are spritely, and it's all amiable, light entertainment." Ken Barnard of the Detroit Free Press stated that it "offers an attractive and tuneful means of saying bye, bye to the summer doldrums for a couple of hours." Margo Miller of The Boston Globe called the film "fantasy as Hollywood can best serve up, slick and funny." Harold Whitehead of the Montreal Gazette said it was "a quite handsome film with not too many drawbacks" but noted that Ann-Margret "is much too frenetic for our taste. When she calms down a little, she will probably be really something for the musical screen." Michael P. Feiner of the Montreal Star called it "a gay musical—sometimes farcical, sometimes mildly satirical, sometimes merely entertaining, but most of the time fun to watch." A critic for the Buffalo Evening News called it a "hilarious song-and-dance show" that "exaggerates youth's exuberance and carries its infectious exhilaration to the audience."The film received generally mixed-to-positive reviews in the state of Ohio itself. Brainard Platt of the Dayton Journal-Herald said it was "an excellent follow-up to the hit stage play of the same name" and a "real fun show for the whole family". E.B. Radcliffe of The Cincinnati Enquirer said the film "should be on your list of planned holiday fun" and called it a "good farce". Dale Stevens of The Cincinnati Post criticized the film for lacking the satirical edge of the musical, but said "this is unquestionably among the smash films of the year" and "should be the teenage sensation of the century".A more mixed review of the film was offered by David Cobb of the Toronto Daily Star, who liked Ann-Margret's and Leigh's performances, its humor and the musical numbers; as for everything else, he said "it is professionally, smoothly accomplished [but not] very engaging or dramatically interesting". Richard Roud of The Guardian said, "I wonder if anyone will remember any scenes from Bye Bye Birdie (Odeon, Marble Arch) in 20 years. I doubt it. Birdie is no On the Town, no Singing in the Rain, no Funny Face. But in a year as barren of American musicals as 1963 (and 1962 for that matter) it looks pretty good [...] and it makes quite a pleasant evening out." Bosley Crowther of The New York Times praised several of the musical numbers but wrote that "unfortunately, Mr. Sidney and his scriptwriter, Irving Brecher, have allowed the essence of this spirited musical comedy of Michael Stewart to get away from them. Not only do they lose Conrad Birdie in the mazes of their rearranged plot, but they lose the essential idea of satire and the pace and sparkle of the show." Les Wedman of the Vancouver Sun was more negative in his remarks, saying that the musical "as served up In the movie version, is a bit of a turkey, well-dressed but flavored with chestnuts and overdone to the point where it fell apart to reveal a pretty flimsy skeleton." Dickson Terry of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch said it "starts out to be a hilarious satire on the Elvis-type rock and roll singers and their swooning teen-age audiences but somewhere along the way it loses its bearings and turns into just another musical." Stanley Eichelbaum of the San Francisco Examiner wrote that "producer Fred Kohlmar has clumsily transformed 'Bye Bye Birdie' from a clever musical satire on American teenagers into a comic-strip movie for adolescents. It's true that certain vestiges of the stage work's devastating humor and vitality have crept Into the film at the Fox Warfield and Mission Drive-In. But on the whole, director George Sidney and screenwriter Irving Brecher have bludgeoned the original into semiconsciousness. Happily, no one tried too hard to spoil the bouncy score by Charles Strouse and Lee Adams. The musical numbers are the best part of the film and Onna White's choreography, which brightens most of the songs, is fresh and attractively original. And since the cast is generally young and eager—with Ann-Margret doing a surprisingly competent job as a nimble Ohio 15-year-old—the movie isn't exactly a total loss. But what it misses most is Gower Champion's sleek, galvanic direction, which kept the stage musical moving like a fine Swiss watch."


=== Accolades ===
In addition, the film was given a Royal Charity Premiere when released in the U.K. on 7 November 1963, at the Odeon Marble Arch, in the presence of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.


== In popular culture ==
In 1964, The Carefrees made a novelty record with a song called "We Love You Beatles" based on the song "We Love You Conrad" from Bye Bye Birdie. Released on the London International label #10614, the song peaked at No. 39 on the Billboard Hot 100. At the base of the Plaza Hotel in New York City, where the Beatles were staying for their first appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show, scores of Beatles fans sang the song out so their voices would reach the band in their rooms up above.
In an episode of the television series Mad Men (Season 3, Episode 2), the opening sequence of Bye Bye Birdie is shown (twice), and later Peggy Olson sings the tune to herself in front of a mirror in an attempt to emulate Ann-Margret's appeal as somebody who can "be 25 and act 14", although Ann-Margret was, in fact, 21 at the time of filming, playing 16. Later, in Episode 4, Salvatore Romano directs a knock-off parody of the sequence for a commercial for Pepsi's new diet drink, Patio.
"One Last Kiss" was featured on an actual episode of The Ed Sullivan Show from January 1967, featuring Gary Lewis & the Playboys. It was one of Lewis' last performances before going into the U.S. Army, so Sullivan chose a girl from the audience to come up to the stage. Lewis sang "One Last Kiss" to her and received that "one last kiss".
In Bye Bye Boyfriend, a Two of a Kind book, the White Oak Academy puts on a school play based on Bye Bye Birdie. Ed Sullivan is mentioned many times, and Mary-Kate wins the part of Kim, even though she auditioned for Rosie. In the book, the characters and the soundtrack of the movie, as well as some of its songs, are mentioned.
In "Wild Barts Can't Be Broken", an episode of the TV series The Simpsons, the kids, adults and seniors of Springfield perform a musical parody of the song "Kids" from Bye Bye Birdie.
In the popular television series Friends (Season 1, Episode 18), during a charade-like game Monica draws a pictorial representation of the film Bye Bye Birdie for the remainder of the group to identify; however, nobody can.
The 1995 Oasis album (What's the Story) Morning Glory? derives its title from a line in the song "The Telephone Hour", with the album's title being referenced in the band's single "Morning Glory".
The animated show Home Movies references this play (along with Grease) in the episode "Bye Bye Greasy" in which the characters put on a play with similar themes.
Family Guy references two of the show's signature songs: "The Telephone Hour" (in reference to Peter being diagnosed as mentally disabled in the Season 4 episode "Petarded") and "Honestly Sincere" (performed by Seth MacFarlane, voicing President Barack Obama in the Season 9 episode "New Kidney in Town").
Sonic Boom, a television series, parodied the song "The Telephone Hour" in the Season 2 episode "Mister Eggman". The parody song consisted of the villagers (including Sonic the Hedgehog and friends) spreading the word that Doctor Eggman never truly earned his doctorate. The song also made reference to the fact that it itself was a parody, breaking the fourth wall.
"Kids" was the musical number at the end of "The Punch and Judy Affair" (Season 7, episode 8 of Are You Being Served?).
"Alot of Livin' To Do" is sung in the film Year of the Comet.


== See also ==
List of American films of 1963
Bye Bye Birdie (1995 film)


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Monder, Eric (1994). George Sidney:a Bio-Bibliography. Greenwood Press. ISBN 9780313284571.


== External links ==
Bye Bye Birdie at IMDb 
Bye Bye Birdie at AllMovie
Bye Bye Birdie at the TCM Movie Database
Bye Bye Birdie at the American Film Institute Catalog
Description of the film
Tour Euralille is an office skyscraper in Euralille, the business district of the Lille metropolitan area.
Designed by Jean-Claude Burdèse and Claude Vasconi, 110 m high, it is the second tallest tower in Lille after the Tour de Lille.
The Tour Euralille and its atrium span the Lille-Europe station, which represented a real technical challenge during its construction. The mixed structure of the tower, produced by the company Rabot Dutilleul Construction, consists of a reinforced concrete ladder beam which is supported by a metal frame supporting the suspended floors.


== See also ==
List of tallest buildings in France


== References ==


== External links ==
Tour Lilleurope
Mashike (増毛郡, Mashike-gun) is a district located in Rumoi Subprefecture, Hokkaido, Japan.
As of 2004, the district has an estimated population of 5,736 and a density of 15.52 persons per km2. The total area is 369.64 km2.


== Town ==
MashikeIn July 2004, the city of Rumoi, the town of Obira from Rumoi District, and the town of Masahike were supposed to form the South Rumoi Three-Municipality Merger Board, aiming at merging the three, in which case Rumoi and Masahike Districts would cease to exist. However, that hasn't occurred yet whatsoever.
Berthold Carl Gustav Giemsa (German: [ˈɡiːmzaː]; November 20, 1867 – June 10, 1948) was a German chemist and bacteriologist who was a native of Medar-Blechhammer (now part of the city Kędzierzyn-Koźle). He is best known for creating a dye solution commonly known as "Giemsa stain" which is used in staining for use in the histopathological diagnosis of malaria and parasites such as Plasmodium, Trypanosoma, and Chlamydia.


== Life and work ==
Giemsa was born in Hamburg to Gustav, a mining official and  Franziska. He studied pharmacy and mineralogy at the University of Leipzig (1892-94), and then worked between 1895 and 1898 as a pharmacist at the government hospital in Dar-es-Salaam, German East Africa. He returned in 1898 and studied chemistry and bacteriology at the University of Berlin and then became an assistant to Bernhard Nocht at the Institut für Tropenmedizin in Hamburg, and in 1900 became head of the Department of Chemistry.In 1904 Giemsa published an essay on the staining procedure for flagellates, blood cells, and bacteria. Giemsa improved the Romanowsky stain (Eosin Y and Methylene Blue) by stabilizing this dye solution with glycerol. This allowed for reproducible staining of cells for microscopy purposes. This method made rapid malaria screening feasible and is still used in laboratories today.In 1933 Giemsa signed the Vow of allegiance of the Professors of the German Universities and High-Schools to Adolf Hitler and the National Socialistic State. He also joined the NSDAP.


== References ==


== Other sources ==
Ernst Klee: Das Personenlexikon zum Dritten Reich. Wer war was vor und nach 1945. Fischer Taschenbuch Verlag, Zweite aktualisierte Auflage, Frankfurt am Main 2005, S. 182.
Fleischer B. Editorial: 100 years ago: Giemsa's solution for staining of plasmodia. Trop Med Int Health. 2004 Jul;9(7):755-6.


== External links ==
Newspaper clippings about Gustav Giemsa in the 20th Century Press Archives of the ZBW
Charles Peter David (born 1957) is a Grenadian politician.  He is the Deputy General Secretary of the New National Party (NNP), (Grenada), a member of the House of Representatives from the Town of Saint George constituency, and served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from July 2008 to November 2010. He subsequently served as Minister of Tourism until he resigned from the Cabinet on April 30, 2012.


== Political career ==
David was elected to the House of Representatives as an NDC candidate from the Town of St. George in the November 2003 general election. The New National Party (NNP), the governing party, repeatedly went to court in attempts to prevent David from serving in Parliament, arguing that he is a citizen of Canada and thus ineligible, but these legal efforts by the NNP were rejected.In the general election held on July 8, 2008, David was re-elected from the Town of St. George. The NDC won a majority of seats in this election, and David became Minister of Tourism and Foreign Affairs in the new NDC Cabinet, led by Prime Minister Tillman Thomas, which was sworn in on July 13.David later joined the New National Party (NNP), becoming a government senator following that party's landslide victory in the 2013 general election. After the NNP won another landslide victory in the 2018 election, David was appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs. Following a cabinet reshuffle two years later, his portfolio switched to Minister for Agriculture and Labour., a position he held until NNP's loss at the polls in June, 2022.


== References ==
Magnús Ketilsson (29 January 1732 – 18 July 1803), was an Icelandic publisher and author. He ran Hrappsey Press, an Icelandic publishing company focused on non-religious publications. He published Islandske Maaneds Tidender (1773–1776), a periodical in the Danish language. He had an influence on the development of Icelandic spelling and grammar. He has been described as a leader of the neo-classic enlightenment movement in Iceland.He studied at the University of Copenhagen. He became sýslumaður (district commander) of Dalasýsla in 1754.


== References ==
Youngers is an unincorporated community in northwest Callaway County, in the U.S. state of Missouri. The community is in the extreme northwest corner of Callaway County and just east of Cedar Creek. Auxvasse is about twelve miles to the east, Mexico is about 14 miles to the northeast in Audrain County and Columbia is about nine miles to the southwest in Boone County.


== History ==
A post office called Youngers was established in 1862, and remained in operation until 1908. The community was named after Anderson Younger, the town merchant.


== References ==
Ravi Jagannathan is an American economist. He is a chaired professor at the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. With the exception of the period 1989–1997 when he was a professor at the University of Minnesota, Jagannathan has been at Kellogg since graduate school.
Jagannathan received a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering from the College of Engineering, Guindy of University of Madras in 1970, an MBA from the Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad, India  and his Ph.D. from Carnegie Mellon University.
His research interests are in the areas of asset pricing, capital markets and financial institutions. Along with Zhenyu Wang, in 1996 he advanced a variation on the capital asset pricing model known as "conditional CAPM."  Some recent empirical work on options prices supports this model.
He is also among those known for the Hansen–Jagannathan bounds, which provide a way to use security market data to restrict the volatility of the stochastic discount factor.


== References ==


== External links ==
Faculty Page, kellogg.northwestern.edu
[1]
[2]
Lambert Fieldhouse is an athletic facility on the campus of Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana.  It was built in 1937 on land bought by David Ross and George Ade (the namesakes of nearby Ross–Ade Stadium) as a replacement for Memorial Gymnasium to be the home of the Purdue basketball team, and also contained an indoor track. Memorial Gym was a 2,000 seat facility built in 1910 which had outgrown its usefulness, as the team had even resorted to playing games at the local high school gym, which seated twice as many as the gym did.  In 1967, the team moved into the newly built Mackey Arena next door, and the building was remodeled to become a full-time track facility.  The building also contains pool facilities, which were in use by the swimming and diving teams until 2001, when the Boilermaker Aquatic Center was completed.
The basement of the facility is used by the crew team for indoor training during winter months. In 2006, the pool was filled in and now the wrestling team has their practice area where the pool used to be.
The building was originally named Purdue Fieldhouse.  It was renamed in honor of longtime basketball coach Ward "Piggy" Lambert.  It originally housed 7,500 with the ability to expand to 10,000.
Lambert Fieldhouse is also home to the department of Health and Kinesiology in the College of Health and Human Sciences.  The main office, as well as offices of most professors, graduate students, and a computer lab for HK students are all housed in Lambert.  Many HK classes are held in Lambert, but because there is no large lecture hall, those are held in nearby buildings, typically Physics and Electrical Engineering. The academic portion of the building lacks handicapped accessibility to most offices, classrooms, and laboratories and possesses an antiquated heating/cooling system that results in stifling work conditions during summer months. While efforts have been made in recent years to renovate portions of the building used by the intercollegiate athletic program (new track surface in 2005, conversion of the pool into a facility for the wrestling team in the same timeframe), little has been done to address these problems in the academic facility.
The A.H. Ismail center was previously also housed in Lambert Fieldhouse, before being relocated to Lyles-Porter Hall. The Ismail center is a small fitness facility for Purdue Faculty, Staff, and retirees.  There is a membership fee for the Ismail Center, and while it is higher than a membership at the Recreational Sports Center, the only students in the facility are volunteers or staff members from the HK department. The Ismail Center has come under internal criticism for financial non-viability.


== References ==


== External links ==
2005-06 Purdue Men's Basketball Media Guide, pg. 110-111
Ismail Center Homepage
Purdue CrossFit
Purdue Health and Kinesiology Department Homepage
Century Park (Chinese: 世纪公园) is an 8.40-hectare, public park located downtown Haikou, in the Longhua district of the city, Hainan Province, China. It is located northwest of Binhai Park and east of Evergreen Park. The Haikou Century Bridge travels over part of it. 
The park was completed in October 2013 and cost approximately 28.28 million RMB to build.


== Layout ==
Century Park consists of a grassy area and a large, open area at the west. The park's west side meets Haikou Bay while the north side is at the mouth of the Haidian River.


== Events ==
On May 28, 2017, there was a concert featuring Jay Chou.


== References ==
Glenrock is a rural locality in the South Burnett Region, Queensland, Australia. In the 2016 census Glenrock had a population of 40 people.


== History ==
Glenrock State School opened on 15 April 1926 and closed on 1966.In the 2016 census Glenrock had a population of 40 people.


== References ==
Major-General Sir George Cathcart  (12 May 1794 – 5 November 1854) was a British general and diplomat.


== Military career ==
He was born in Renfrewshire, son of William Cathcart, 1st Earl Cathcart. After receiving his education at Eton and in Edinburgh, he was commissioned into the Life Guards in 1810. In 1813 he went to Russia to serve as aide-de-camp to his father, who was ambassador and military commissioner. George Cathcart was present at the battles between the Russian and the French army in 1813 and he followed the Russian army through Europe, entering Paris in March 1814.
When Napoleon returned in 1815, Cathcart served as aide-de-camp to the Duke of Wellington and was present at the battles of Quatre Bras and Waterloo. After the war he was commissioned in the 7th Hussars, promoted to lieutenant-colonel in 1826. He then joined the 57th Regiment in 1828, the 8th Hussars in 1830 and the 1st Dragoon Guards in 1838. Cathcart was promoted to colonel in 1841, and on 11 November 1851 was promoted to Major-General.In 1852 to 1853, as Governor of the Cape of Good Hope, he granted the first constitution to the colony, ending the 8th Cape Frontier War and defeating the Basutos at the Battle of Berea. In July 1853 Cathcart was made KCB.In 1853 he was appointed Adjutant-General to the Forces, and he left the Cape in April 1854.At the start of the Crimean War, he was appointed to command the 4th infantry division. The British government gave him a "dormant commission" which meant that if something were to happen to Lord Raglan, Cathcart would take command. At the Battle of the Alma in September 1854, his division saw no action and after the Battle of Balaclava, where his division was called into action, his dormant commission was revoked. He advised an infantry assault on Sevastopol, thinking it could be taken, but was turned down by Lord Raglan.He took command of the 1st Brigade during the Battle of Inkerman, where there was great confusion, was told to "Support the Guards", and then led his men too far, and was shot through the heart while charging up a hill with a company of 50 men from the 20th Regiment of Foot on 5 November 1854.He married his first and second cousin Lady Georgiana Greville, daughter of Louisa Cathcart and Robert Fulke Greville on 12 May 1824 and had a large family with her.


== References ==
 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Wood, James, ed. (1907). "George Cathcart". The Nuttall Encyclopædia. London and New York: Frederick Warne.


== Bibliography ==
George Cathcart, Commentaries on the War in Russia and Germany in 1812 and 1813, London: 1850.
Hilda is a hamlet in southern Alberta, Canada within Cypress County, located 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) east of Highway 41, approximately 67 kilometres (42 mi) northeast of Medicine Hat. In 1910, the post master named the post office "Hilda" after his infant daughter.


== Demographics ==
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Hilda had a population of 40 living in 19 of its 23 total private dwellings, a change of -11.1% from its 2016 population of 45. With a land area of 0.42 km2 (0.16 sq mi), it had a population density of 95.2/km2 (246.7/sq mi) in 2021.As a designated place in the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Hilda had a population of 45 living in 19 of its 22 total private dwellings, a change of 21.6% from its 2011 population of 37. With a land area of 0.44 km2 (0.17 sq mi), it had a population density of 102.3/km2 (264.9/sq mi) in 2016.


== See also ==
List of communities in Alberta
List of designated places in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta


== References ==
Underclass All-American is an honorific for high school and college athletes for excellence in competition. The athletes recognized with this title are considered the best players of a specific season in their sport that are members of a given class other than the senior class.  These athletes are considered All-Americans for their class and are termed Junior All-Americans, Sophomore All-Americans and Freshman All-Americans or All-Freshman, All-Sophomore and All-Junior honorees.


== High school basketball ==
Annually, ESPN HS (formerly ESPN RISE) selected 30 juniors, 20 sophomores, and 10 freshmen as boys' high school basketball Underclass All-Americans.  MaxPreps.com also chooses annual underclass All-American teams.  These teams were called the Junior All-American Team, the Sophomore All-American Team and the Freshman All-American Team.


== High school football ==
ESPN HS chooses 25 non-senior high school football players as its Underclass All-Americans. MaxPreps selects an Underclass All-American team for juniors, sophomores, and freshmen, naming a national player of the year for each grade. 


== College basketball ==
National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I men's college basketball Freshman All-American teams are chosen annually by rotating selectors. For the 2011–12 NCAA Division I season, Sporting News chose a Freshman All-American team. For the 2010–11 season, Collegeinsider.com chose a Freshman All-American team.


== College football ==
College Football News (CFN) chooses annual NCAA Division I men's college football Freshman All-American teams that it calls All-Freshman teams. In some years, CFN has chosen NCAA Division I men's college football Sophomore All-American teams.


== College baseball ==
Collegiate Baseball presents the annual NCAA Division I men's college baseball Louisville Slugger Freshmen All-American team.


== Notes ==
BEE Japan (Bicycle for Everyone's Earth) is a group of people from Japan and other countries that promotes environmental awareness and ecological lifestyles in Japan. The group's main event is an annual 2 month bicycle ride, beginning in August, from the northernmost island of Japan (Hokkaido) to the southernmost (Kyushu, and occasionally Okinawa). The route changes every year, and generally covers 2,500 to 3,500 kilometers. Each year has a different coordinator and team of riders, and a different environmental focus.
The BEE ride uses both direct action and education to promote environmental awareness and ecological lifestyles.


== BEE's direct action ==
Traveling the length of Japan exclusively by bicycle
Eating low on the food chain
Choosing organic products whenever possible
Choosing fair trade products whenever possible
Supporting local economies by buying local produce
Using no vending machines
Minimizing waste by choosing less packaged products, buying reusable, recycled and recyclable items, and using no disposable eating utensils.


== BEE's educational activities ==
Before, after, and (mainly) during the annual ride, BEE members educate local people on environmental issues in a variety of ways.  These include:

presentations at community centers and schools
workshops with special groups (NGOs, English study circles, citizen groups, etc.)
participating with local people in direct actions (environmental clean-ups, bicycle tours, etc.)Activities aim to create a deep awareness in participants of the extent to which our daily lives effect the ecosystems in which we live. Many topics are covered, but the focus is on bio-interconnectivity, forest destruction, over consumption, and renewable energy sources (human, wind, and solar).


== Past rides ==
2007: Energy Production and Conservation, with the Rokkasho Nuclear Reprocessing Plant
2006: Endangered Species Dugong, with the U.S. Base Issue in Okinawa


== References ==
El Rancho de las Golondrinas (The Ranch of the Swallows), a historic rancho and now a living history museum, is strategically located on what was once the Camino Real, the Royal Road that extended from Mexico City to Santa Fe.   The ranch provided goods for trade and was a place where the caravans that plied the road would stop on their journey coming from or going to Santa Fe.  It was a paraje, an official rest stop for travelers, and was even mentioned by the colonial military leader and governor, Don Juan Bautista de Anza, when he stopped here with his expeditionary force in 1780.
El Rancho de las Golondrinas, located on 500 acres in the rural farming valley of La Ciénega just south of Santa Fe, New Mexico, strives to maintain examples of life during the period when Spain ruled in the southwestern portion of the North and most of the Central American continent. The museum opened in 1972 and is dedicated to the history, heritage and culture of 18th and 19th century New Mexico. Guides are dressed in period clothing and demonstrate weaving, hide tanning, milling, blacksmithing and the planting of crops. In addition to normal hours of operation there are ten annual festivals at El Rancho de las Golondrinas. The ranch and its acequia system (irrigation ditch complex) are listed on the National Register of Historic Places[1] and the New Mexico State Register of Cultural Properties.


== History ==
In 1932, Leonora Frances Curtin (later Paloheimo) and her mother purchased the ranch property.  Leonora is known for the founding of Santa Fe's Native Market in an effort to save and reestablish traditional craft forms and techniques, and to provide local artisans with a source of income during the Great Depression. After their marriage in 1946, Leonora and her Finnish husband, Yrjö Alfred (Y.A.) Paloheimo, saw the potential in the old ranch as a site for a living history museum.  Both Leonora and Y.A. devoted themselves to transforming the property into a place where visitors could physically engage with the rich culture of the region and become immersed in the history of New Mexico. Existing historic buildings were restored, period structures were erected and historic buildings were brought in from other sites around New Mexico.  The museum officially opened its doors in the spring of 1972 and over time has grown into New Mexico's premier living history museum.  Today the museum promotes and preserves the Hispano heritage of Northern New Mexico, while at the same time building a better understanding of the lasting influence of Hispanos in the Southwest and the rest of the country.


== Filmography ==
El Rancho de las Golondrinas has been seen in numerous Western films. Some movies filmed here include Butch and Sundance: The Early Days (1979), Wild Times (1980) the CBS miniseries Comanche Moon (2008), and the Better Call Saul episodes "The Guy for This" and "Dedicado a Max".


== See also ==
National Register of Historic Places listings in Santa Fe County, New Mexico


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
 Media related to El Rancho de las Golondrinas at Wikimedia Commons
Historic American Engineering Record (HAER) No. NM-14, "La Cienega Acequia, 286-384 Los Pinos Road, Santa Fe, Santa Fe County, NM", 4 photos, 3 measured drawings, 18 data pages, 1 photo caption page
HAER No. NM-14-A, "La Cienega Acequia, Truchas Molino", 8 photos, 5 measured drawings, 5 data pages, 1 photo caption page
ishop TV is an Australian free-to-air television channel and a digital advertorial datacasting service that was launched on 30 April 2013. The channel is owned by Seven West Media (formerly Prime Media Group) and Brand Developers, broadcasting infomercials and home shopping. The channel appeared on the Prime multiplex on 22 April 2013. The channel was supposed to launch on 1 May 2013.When sister channel 4ME on channel 64 was closed after its operator Brand New Media went into administration, channel 64 was re-purposed as a feed of ishop TV. The extra feed was later removed in June 2016. This channel broadcast on channel 65 from its launch until the last day of November 2022, when it was moved to channel 67 to fit 7Bravo on channel 65. It is only available in Seven regional areas excluding Southern Cross Austereo/WIN Corporation affiliates and Regional QLD and also not Seven metro areas.


== See also ==
List of digital television channels in Australia
Seven West Media
7 Regional
4ME


== References ==
WWE Smackville was a professional wrestling livestreaming event produced by WWE. It was held exclusively for wrestlers from the promotion's SmackDown brand division. A portion of the live event was livestreamed exclusively on the WWE Network as a one-hour special. It took place on July 27, 2019, at Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Tennessee.
Nine matches were contested on the card, three of which were shown for the one-hour WWE Network special. In the main event of the non-televised live show, Bayley defeated Charlotte Flair and Alexa Bliss in a triple threat match to retain the SmackDown Women's Championship, while in the main event of the televised portion of the show, Kofi Kingston retained the WWE Championship in a triple threat match against Dolph Ziggler and Samoa Joe.


== Production ==


=== Background ===
In 2015, WWE began to expand its content on the WWE Network by presenting televised house shows. These one-hour WWE Network-exclusive specials did not show the entire card, but only a select few matches. Smackville took place on July 27, 2019, at Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Tennessee and featured wrestlers from the SmackDown brand. The one-hour WWE Network special of Smackville was livestreamed.


=== Storylines ===
The card included nine matches, three of which were shown for the one-hour WWE Network special. The matches resulted from scripted storylines, where wrestlers portrayed villains, heroes, or less distinguishable characters in scripted events that built tension and culminated in a wrestling match or series of matches. Results were predetermined by WWE's writers on the SmackDown brand, while storylines were produced on WWE's weekly television show SmackDown Live.On the May 21 episode of SmackDown, Dolph Ziggler, who had been inactive since January's Royal Rumble event, made a surprise return and attacked Kofi Kingston. Ziggler, a Raw wrestler appearing via the wild card rule, later explained that it should have been him who got the opportunity to go to WrestleMania 35 and win the WWE Championship instead of Kingston. Ziggler, who was in turn moved to SmackDown, then lost to Kingston at both Super ShowDown and Stomping Grounds. On the June 24 episode of Raw, after Kingston had defeated both Kevin Owens and Sami Zayn in consecutive singles matches, Kingston was randomly attacked by Raw's Samoa Joe, who performed an "uranage" on Kingston. As referees tended to the champion, Joe returned and applied the "Coquina Clutch" on Kingston. Kingston would defeat Joe at Extreme Rules. On July 18, a WWE Championship Triple Threat match between the three wrestlers was announced for Smackville.At Money in the Bank, Bayley won the women's Money in the Bank ladder match and later that night cashed in the contract on Charlotte Flair to win the SmackDown Women's Championship. On the June 4 episode of SmackDown, Flair competed in a triple threat match against Carmella and Raw's Alexa Bliss, who appeared via the wild card rule, in order to earn a rematch against Bayley for the title at Stomping Grounds. Bliss, however, won the match, thus Bliss earned the title match at Stomping Grounds, but lost. She and Cross then faced Bayley at Extreme Rules in a two-on-one handicap match for the title, but the two were defeated by Bayley. On July 18, a SmackDown Women's Championship triple threat match between Bayley, Flair, and Bliss was announced for Smackville, though this match was not shown on the WWE Network special.During the Extreme Rules pre-show, Shinsuke Nakamura defeated Finn Bálor to win the Intercontinental Championship. A rematch was later scheduled for Smackville; however, Bálor was removed from the match on July 27 after suffering an undisclosed injury and was replaced by Ali.In addition to the matches, a musical performance by Elias was also announced for the show.


== Results ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Official Smackville website
Patrick Schneider (born 30 November 1992) is a German sprinter specialising in the 400 metres. He represented his country at two outdoor European Championships as well as the 2018 Athletics World Cup.
He switched from football to athletics in 2014.


== International competitions ==


== Personal bests ==
Outdoor

200 metres – 21.02 (+1.3 m/s, Heilbronn 2016)
400 metres – 45.82 (Nürnberg 2018)
800 metres – 1:49.54 (Neustadt 2016)Indoor

200 metres – 21.73 (München 2018)


== References ==
Foss Glacier is within the Alpine Lakes Wilderness of Snoqualmie National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington and is on the northeast slope of Mount Hinman. Foss Glacier retreated almost 500 m (1,600 ft) between 1950 and 2005. Foss Glacier is separated from the nearly vanished Hinman Glacier to the west by a ridge.


== See also ==
List of glaciers in the United States


== References ==
Recon (appearing later as RECON) is a military role-playing game where players assume the role of American soldiers during the Vietnam War. The first edition featured a wargame with role-playing elements, somewhat like Behind Enemy Lines and Twilight 2000, then gradually evolved into a full role-playing game.


== Description ==
Recon is a game set during American involvement in the Vietnam War, but can be moved to any modern war.Character generation is relatively simple; each character only has three attributes (Strength, Agility, Alertness). The player chooses two military occupation specialties such as Demolitions or Heavy Weapons. These then determine secondary skills such as Forward Observer and Demolitions Disposal.The rulebook includes weapons, recon teams, missions, recruiting and debriefing, and terrain generation.The referee uses a Random Encounters table to generate terrain and villages, and to create groups of adversaries, obstacles to overcome, and problems to solve. 


== Publication history ==


=== Original Recon ===
The first edition of Recon was written by Joe F. Martin and published by RPG, Inc. in 1982 as a 44-page book covering rules for a miniatures wargame.Role-playing rules were included in the 44-page digest-sized second edition released in 1983 with a gamemaster's screen. This edition introduced the idea of easily created and disposable characters. 
RPG, Inc. also released a number of supplements and adventures for the first and second editions:

San Succi (1982) is a map pack that details a 16-block area in 1:72 scale for use with 20mm or 25mm lead figures. It also contains a guide to the 40 buildings on the map, a non-player character generating system, and a vehicular combat system called "Roadkill".
The Haiphong H.A.L.O.: SOG Operations in North Vietnam (1983) was the first adventure campaign, and involved missions behind enemy lines in North Vietnam. Expanded rules include Army Special Forces, Navy SEALs, and Marine Force Recon commando characters, and detail real-world airborne, sea, and amphibious insertion techniques. Missions include reconnaissance, raiding, sabotage, assassination/ambush, prisoner snatching, and search and rescue.
Hearts & Minds (1983) was the second adventure campaign, and involves a Special Forces A-team assigned to a cadre training mission in the Central Highlands of South Vietnam. The team must train and equip a local Montagnard unit to be able to defend its community from raids by Viet Cong Main Force troops. Includes a random tunnel generation system.
Mission Director's Screen (1983) - a 3-panel gamemaster's screen.
Sayaret/Track Commander (1983) provides a setting during Arab-Israeli Wars (1967 to 1983). Players could generate Israeli soldier characters that could operate as a commando detachment or a tank crew. It allowed the Mission Director to run Israeli commando raids or tank battles. The additional rules could also conceivably be used to simulate other contemporary conflicts involving urban warfare or armored combat from World War Two to the present (1980s).A final adventure campaign featuring mercenaries, Headhunters Ltd., was advertised  but was never released before RPG, Inc. went out of business.
The Platoon 20 (P20 system) line of 20 mm (1:72 scale) metal miniatures were also produced by RPG, Inc. for use with the game.


=== The Revised RECON ===
After RPG, Inc. went out of business, Palladium Books acquired the intellectual property and released The Revised RECON, designed by Erick Wujcik, Kevin Siembieda, Matthew Balent, and Maryann Siembieda in 1986 as a 152-page book. The focus of the game was transformed from miniatures to a role-playing game. Because of its origins as a miniatures game, The Revised RECON is the only Palladium game, aside from Valley of the Pharaohs (1983), that does not use the company's house Megaversal system. However, Palladium does provide conversion rules to bring play in line with the rest of their role-playing game series.
Whereas RPG Inc.'s version had only limited information regarding firearms, the Palladium edition has almost 40 pages of gun statistics as well as fully illustrated, detailed descriptions of aircraft, seacraft, and vehicles, rules for playing mercenaries, rules for small arms and heavy weapons, garrote, bayonet, knives, and hand-to-hand fighting. This edition also includes several scenarios.


==== Advanced RECON ====
The Revised RECON received only one additional book, Advanced RECON, released February 1987. It is an expansion of the rules allowing the creation of Special Operations characters and detailing a four-mission campaign set in 1960s Laos. There are also sections on American and North Vietnamese tactics and strategy, period electronic equipment, a primer on the game world in 1965, and briefings on the Kingdom of Laos and other military and government agencies.


==== Deluxe Revised RECON ====
Palladium published Deluxe Revised RECON in April 1999. This integrated and reprints the content from both The Revised RECON and Advanced RECON into one book. It also introduces new rules, focusing more on the characters' lives after the wars.


== Reception ==
In Issue 70 of Space Gamer, Brian R. Train reviewed the original edition and commented "Recon is the game for the mercenary fan. It is a pleasure to play and a fine addition to the large inventory of roleplaying games." Train concluded with a positive recommendation, saying, "If you are at all interested in this historical period, Recon is well worth the money."Robert Neville reviewed The Revised RECON for White Dwarf #83 (1986), and did not like the game, commenting, "Unluckily, some people may well realise that the sections on military hardware and equipment are probably the best in any contemporary roleplaying game. Luckily, I hope people have more sense than to touch this with a bargepole. Unluckily, I'm not so sure they have."In his 1990 book The Complete Guide to Role-Playing Games, game critic Rick Swan called the Revised Recon edition "a gem ... Recon does an impressive job of capturing the tension of jungle warfare fought under the most extreme conditions imaginable." Swan lauded the result, commenting, "It's all impressively researched, succinctly explained, and illustrated with detailed artwork." Swan's only issue was with the game's "narrow focus", which he felt "limits its appeal to mature players with an interest in the military." Swan concluded by giving this game an excellent rating of 3.5 out of 4, saying, "Recon is a prince of a game, easily the definitive treatment of its subject."


== Other reviews and commentary ==
Different Worlds #26
Different Worlds #46
Sorcerer's Apprentice #16


== References ==


== External links ==
The Revised RECON official discussion board at Palladium Books' Forums of the Megaverse
Recon role-playing games at RPG Geek Database
Recon role-playing games at RPGnet Game Index
Wendouree was a steel steamship built as a collier by S & H Morton & Co., Leith, Scotland for Huddart Parker & Co. Pty. Ltd. She was later refitted to carry passengers for the Melbourne to Sydney run.


== Fate ==
She was wrecked on the Oyster Bank at the mouth of the Hunter River while leaving Newcastle for Adelaide on 20 July 1898. She was carrying 1,430 tons of coal and 200 tons of coke.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Online DatabasesAustralian National Shipwreck Database[1]
Australian Shipping - Arrivals and Departures 1788-1968 including shipwrecks [2]
Encyclopaedia of Australian Shipwrecks - New South Wales Shipwrecks [3]
Books

Wrecks on the New South Wales Coast. By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995 Oceans Enterprises. 1993 ISBN 978-0-646-11081-3.
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 3 1871–1900 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Geelong Vic: List Publishing, 1982 910.4530994 LON
The 2002 FIA Sportscar Championship Barcelona was the first race for the 2002 FIA Sportscar Championship season held at Circuit de Catalunya and ran a distance of two hours, thirty minutes.  It took place on April 7, 2002.


== Official results ==
Class winners in bold.  Cars failing to complete 75% of winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).


== Statistics ==
Pole Position - #16 Pescarolo Sport - 1:35.428
Fastest Lap - #14 Team Oreca - 1:35.161


== References ==
The Azariah Newton House is an historic house at 44 Silver Hill Road in Milford, Massachusetts.  It is a 1+1⁄2-story wood-frame Cape style house, with a side-gable roof, clapboard siding, and large central chimney.  The interior has retained substantial interior finishing, including floors, fireplaces, and room layout.  The house was built in 1747 by Azariah Newton, one of the area's early settlers, and is one of Milford's oldest houses.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.


== See also ==
National Register of Historic Places listings in Worcester County, Massachusetts


== References ==
Polecat Creek is a stream in Clay County in the U.S. state of Missouri. It is a tributary of Wilkerson Creek.
Polecat Creek was named for the polecats which roamed along its course.


== See also ==
List of rivers of Missouri


== References ==
Tallulah Morton (born 27 November 1991) is an Australian fashion model living in North Sydney, New South Wales.


== Early life and education ==
Morton was discovered by Gold Coast talent agent Kathy Tabet at age 13 while shopping with her mother at Pacific Fair. Tabet, a former international model herself, "approached the young girl's mother and said Talullah had the ability to be a top model." Several months later, while studying at Wollumbin High School in Murwillumbah, New South Wales, Morton completed a modelling course at Tabet's now-defunct Buckingham Academy and was subsequently booked for Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week. She then had many other professional modelling appearances including opening the 2005 show for Australian fashion designer Josh Goot. A 20-page shoot in fashion magazine Follow was published shortly thereafter, quickly leading to other work.  By 2006, Morton had made her New York City debut, at another Josh Goot show. Her age reportedly inhibited her ability to work in Europe initially, and was referenced again when bans on under-age modelling were mooted in 2007.


== Career ==
Morton has featured on the cover of many Australian magazines including Follow, Russh twice and The Daily Telegraph's 'Sunday' (16 July 2006).  Her other magazine credits include Vogue, Marie Claire and Harper's Bazaar.Morton has performed in shows such as Vivienne Westwood's Tokyo show, the World Merino Conference in Perth, New Zealand Fashion Week, and for David Jones. She also became the face of the Cue campaign, and Argentinian's fashion brand Complot.
In 2007, Tallulah made her Paris debut with Marilyn's, showing Dior, Gaultier & Viktor & Rolf winter collections. Morton has worked with prominent fashion photographers Patrick Demarchelier, Steven Meisel and David Sims, and with fashion designers Diane von Furstenberg and Phillip Lim. Morton is currently represented by Chic Management in Sydney.


== References ==


== External links ==
Tallulah Morton Roots at Fashion Model Directory
Alfred Lerbretier (born 1913, date of death unknown) was a Czech rower. He competed for Czechoslovakia in the men's coxed four at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, Germany.


== References ==


== External links ==
Alfred Lerbretier at World Rowing
Alfred Lerbretier at Olympics.com
Alfred Lerbretier at Olympedia
Alfred Lerbretier at the Czech Olympic Committee (in Czech)
Peter James Plumb (born 26 November 1963) was chief executive officer from 2009-16 of Moneysupermarket.com Group plc, a company listed on the London Stock Exchange.Between September 2017 and January 2019, he served as chief executive officer at Just Eat plc.


== Early life ==
He attended Arnold Hill School in Arnold, Nottinghamshire, the first year in which it was a comprehensive school. He studied civil engineering at the University of Birmingham. He later studied at IMD in Switzerland.


== Career ==
He became Chief Executive of Moneysupermarket in early 2009.


== References ==
The Illinois Freedom Bell is located in Mount Morris, Illinois, United States, and is the official freedom bell of the U.S. state of Illinois. The bell was created for a church in Lake Geneva, Wisconsin as a replica of the Liberty Bell in 1862. In 1910, while it was being moved across the frozen Geneva Lake following a fire at the church, the ice cracked and the bell sank to the bottom of the lake. It was salvaged in 1960 and the village of Mount Morris acquired it in 1966. The Illinois Freedom Bell is rung during the annual Let Freedom Ring festival, and it can be found beneath a gazebo on the village square. The bell has been credited with starting an Independence Day bell-ringing tradition across the United States. The bell was designated the official Illinois Freedom Bell in 1971.


== History ==


=== Origin ===
The Illinois Freedom Bell is located in Mount Morris, Illinois, and was cast as a replica of the Liberty Bell in 1862. Following its casting, the bell was transported to Lake Geneva, Wisconsin, where it was kept in the belfry of a church along the north shore of Geneva Lake. In 1910, the church was destroyed by a fire; the bell fell during the fire but was undamaged; following the fire, the bell was put into storage.  The church members then decided to reconstruct the church on the south side of the lake. During the winter, as a group of men attempted to drag the bell across the frozen lake, the weight of the bell cracked the ice and it sank to the bottom.The bell remained submerged for over 40 years before a wealthy resident of Lake Geneva decided to surface the bell in 1960. The resident located the bell, and surfaced it with great difficulty, intent on making the future Illinois Freedom Bell the focal point of his new home. After the bell was salvaged he decided it did not suit his purposes. A young farmer from Johnsburg purchased the bell, and it was again kept in storage.In 1966, an article was published about the bell's submersion and resurfacing at Geneva Lake. The article interested the people of Mount Morris, Illinois, and they sent 12 members of their Fourth of July Committee to investigate the bell in Johnsburg. The people of Mount Morris decided to purchase the bell; a committee was formed and obtained a loan from the Mount Morris VFW. The group also collected donations from local residents to purchase the bell for US$500. By July 4, 1966, the Illinois Freedom Bell hung from the gazebo in its current location, and the two writers who first suggested bell ringing as an annual Independence Day ceremony, Eric Hatch and Eric Sloane were on hand for its dedication.Five years later, in 1971, the bell was designated the Official Freedom Bell of the State of Illinois by Illinois Governor Richard B. Ogilvie. A plaque was added to the tower on July 4, 1972 with an inscription from Governor Ogilvie that reads:

On this occasion of the first official ringing of the Freedom Bell at Mount Morris, let this message be heard by all Americans: "Let us be one nation dedicated as never before to the realization of the promise of freedom for all."


=== Festival ===
On February 17, 1963, an issue of This Week contained an article, "Make Freedom Really Ring", written by two Connecticut writers, Eric Hatch and Eric Sloane. In the article, they suggested that every July 4, all bells in the country ring for four minutes, and radio stations broadcast the ringing for two minutes. Readers across the country took the advice of the magazine's editor, and contacted local officials in support of a nationwide bell-ringing observance. Concurrently, a resolution was proposed in Congress by Connecticut Senator Abraham Ribicoff that called for the ringing of bells nationwide at 2 p.m every July 4. Eastern Daylight Time. The bill passed both the Senate and House of Representatives later that year.
Meanwhile, the village of Mount Morris had already decided to hold their own bell-ringing during the village's annual Independence Day festival, the "Let Freedom Ring". Subsequently, on April 30, 1963, Illinois native and rising Republican political star Ronald Reagan visited Mount Morris to dedicate the first Mount Morris freedom bell, which now hangs at the Veterans' Memorial Fountain. The first freedom bell was a small 16 inch (40.6 cm) bell. Later, as U.S. President in 1984, Reagan was presented with a replica of the official Illinois Freedom Bell in the Oval Office by U.S. Representative Lynn Morley Martin. The first national bell-ringing took place on July 4, 1963; Mount Morris also participated in that ringing. Even though many states sponsored bell-ringings, Hatch and Sloane both credited Mount Morris with making their suggestion a reality.The Illinois Freedom Bell is annually rung in unison, at 1 pm CDT (18:00 UTC) on the Independence Day, July 4, with other bells across the United States. Thousands of people gather in the village to hear the bell each year on Independence Day. In Mount Morris, the annual event is known as the Let Freedom Ring festival. The Mount Morris festival and bell ringing has been attended by several notable individuals. In 1973, future Illinois Governor and member of the 9/11 Commission, James Thompson attended the festival and bell ringing. A year later, in 1974, Richard Blake, a noted Abraham Lincoln impersonator, appeared at the festival to speak as Lincoln.Several times the Let Freedom Ring festival has been broadcast nationally. During the 1964 festival, Governor Otto Kerner was the speaker at the bell-ringing observance, and his address was transmitted via telephone to the Illinois pavilion at the 1964 New York World's Fair.  The 1965 bell-ringing was broadcast over the public address system at Wrigley Field in Chicago. Over the years, the committee for the festival requested that the bell-ringing be part of the Illinois Sesquicentennial, the U.S. Bicentennial, and the Statue of Liberty Centennial celebrations, all of which were allowed. The "Let Freedom Ring" celebration hosts a "Freedom Run", arts and crafts, a parade, a fireworks display, and the highlighted ringing of the Illinois Freedom Bell.


== Description ==
The Illinois Freedom Bell is silver in color and cast from bronze metal. It is four feet (1.2 m) tall and four feet (1.2 m) wide with a weight of 1,500 pounds (680 kg). The bell is housed in a 15-foot wooden "tower," which stands in a prominent position on the town square.


== See also ==
Liberty Bell


== Notes ==
Sécurité (; French: sécurité) (often repeated thrice, "Sécurité, sécurité, sécurité") is a procedure word used in the maritime radio service that warns the crew that the following message is important safety information. The most common use of this is by coast radio stations before the broadcast of navigational warnings and meteorological information.
Navigational warnings are issued regularly and usually give information about people or vessels in distress and objects or events that can be an immediate danger to people at sea and how they are navigating. In the United States, MARAD (Marine Administration) sends out infrequent advisories about potential global political climate dangers. There are four types of navigational warnings, which are categorized by their location. These areas are NAVAREA IV, HYDROLANT, NAVAREA XII, and HYDROPAC.
Meteorological information is information that is about the marine atmosphere.  These meteorological advisories include the development of weather systems such as and not limited to,  rain squalls, big tidal drops, major current shifts, lightning storms, hurricane and tsunami warnings, high winds, and cyclones.
It is normal practice to broadcast the Sécurité call itself on a distress and listening frequency such as VHF Channel 16 or MF 2182 kHz, and then change frequency to a working channel for the body of the messages. An equivalent Morse code signal is TTT, with each letter sent distinctly.
Although mostly used by coast radio stations, there is nothing to stop individual craft broadcasting their own Sécurité messages where appropriate, for example, a yacht becalmed (rendered motionless for lack of wind), or any vessel adrift or unable to manoeuvre near other craft or shipping lanes.


== Mayday, pan-pan, sécurité ==
Of the three distress and urgency calls, Sécurité is the least urgent.
Sécurité: A radio call that usually issues navigational warnings, meteorological warnings, and any other warning needing to be issued that may concern the safety of life at sea, yet may not be particularly life-threatening. 
Pan-pan: This is the second most important call.  This call is made when there is an emergency aboard a vessel, yet there is not immediate danger to life, or the safety of the vessel itself.  This includes, but is not limited to injuries on deck, imminent collision that has not yet occurred, or being unsure of vessel's position.
Mayday: This is the most important call that can be made, due to the fact that it directly concerns a threat to life or the vessel.  Some instances when this call would be made are, but not limited to death, collision, and fire at sea. When the Mayday call is made, the vessel is requiring immediate assistance.: 36 


== Example usage ==
 Third on the list of calls, a Safety or Sécurité call takes priority of all communications besides distress and urgency. The DSC safety alert should not be acknowledged by voice, but merely listened to and noted. The proper etiquette for sending a safety alert is as follows: first, the DSC safety alert must be sent on Channel 16 VHF or at 2182 kHz instead of using a working channel or frequency.  Second, the targeted group must be selected, if necessary. This can be all ships, ships of a specific geographic area, or an individual ship. Lastly, the call should be made. GMDSS protocol requires that the safety call must be spoken to attract attention of the selected vessels. Procedure for the call is:: 41 

SÉCURITÉ x 3
ALL STATIONS x 3
THIS IS (Ship/Station Identification) x 3

Without a break, continue on to the safety message:

SÉCURITÉ
NAME, CALLSIGN, MMSI
POSITION
NATURE OF SAFETY MESSAGE
ADVICE/OTHER INFORMATION
“OUT”


== References ==
Trittame bancrofti is a species of mygalomorph spider in the Barychelidae family. It is endemic to Australia. It was described in 1918 by Australian arachnologists William Joseph Rainbow and Robert Henry Pulleine.


== Distribution and habitat ==
The species occurs in south-eastern Queensland. The type locality is Eidsvold.


== References ==
The Blériot XIII was an experimental passenger-carrying aircraft built during 1910 by Recherches Aéronautique Louis Blériot. It is notable for setting a record for passenger carrying flights, and was probably intended as a developmental aircraft for the Blériot XXIV Limousine.


== Design ==
The Type XIII differed considerably from the series of tractor configuration monoplanes with which Louis Blériot is generally associated.  It was a high-wing pusher configuration monoplane, with the 100 hp (75 kW) Gnome engine inset into the trailing edge of the square-tipped wing, which had inset ailerons and was braced by a deep wire-braced truss underneath. The wing was mounted on a conventional wire-braced wooden box girder using six uprights and a pair of substantial diagonal members to transmit the thrust of the engine to the main airframe.  The pilot sat immediately in front of the wing leading edge, with the four passengers seated two by two behind him.  A front-mounted elevator was carried on two pairs of V-booms, and a fixed lifting horizontal surface with a rectangular rudder above it was mounted on top of the rear of the fuselage structure. The main undercarriage consisted of a pair of wheels each in a trailing arm structure which was free to slide on upright tubes mounted outboard of the fuselage, and sprung by bungee cords.


== Operational history ==
On  2 February 1911 Léon Lemartin broke a world record by flying the Type XIII with eight passengers. Later, he succeeded in flying the aircraft with as many as twelve other people on board. Flights carrying large numbers of people were in vogue in France at the time, and the Aero Club de France introduced a regulation for such record attempts, stipulating that each person should weigh a minimum of 75 kg (165 lb). Lamartin's load for his eight-passenger list was reported to have been 435.5 kg (960 lb), so his record would not have been ratified under the new rules.


== The Blériot XXIV ==
In late 1911 Blériot produced an aircraft of similar configuration which had been built to the order of Henri Deutsch de la Meurthe,  the Blériot XXIV "Limousine" (also referred to as the Bleriot Aeronef and the Bleriot Berline), and it is probable that the Type XIII was intended as a developmental aircraft for this machine. This aircraft featured  an enclosed cabin with mica windows for the passengers, built by the Rothchild coachbuilding company, with the pilot sitting in front of it, his only protection being a small conical windshield attached to the front outrigger cross-bracing wires. A speaking tube was provided to allow the passengers to communicate with the pilot.  It differed considerably from the Type XIII in its constructional details. The wings had elliptical ends, similar to those of the Blériot XI and used wing warping for lateral control. They were conventionally braced using wires, those above the wing being connected to a cabane made up of a pair of inverted V-struts with a longitudinal tube connecting the apexes: under this was a large teardrop shaped fuel tank. The tail surfaces were mounted of four wire-braced booms, and the front elevator on four curved booms attached to the front of the cabin. It was initially powered by a 100 hp (75 kW) Gnome 14 Omega-Omega, which was later replaced by a 140 hp (100 kW) Gnome 14 Gamma-Gamma.
It was 14 m (46 ft) long with a  wingspan of 13 m (43 ft) and, with fuel but without passengers, weighed 700 kg (1,540 lb).With the 140 hp Gnome fitted it was successfully flown at Étampes, carrying up to 300 kg (660 lb) of ballast in place of passengers.


== Specifications (Type XIII) ==
Data from Opdycke 1999 p. 55General characteristics
Crew: 1
Capacity: 4
Length: 12 m (39 ft 4 in)
Wingspan: 13 m (42 ft 8 in)
Wing area: 40 m2 (430 sq ft)
Empty weight: 600 kg (1,323 lb) 
Powerplant: 1 × Gnome 14 Omega-Omega 14 cylinder two-row rotary, air-cooled, 75 kW (100 hp)
Propellers: 2-bladed


== Notes ==


== References ==
Showtime is the third album by the British EBM group Nitzer Ebb. It featured the singles "Lightning Man" and "Fun to Be Had", the latter of which was later remixed by George Clinton. "Getting Closer" was also released as a single. Nitzer Ebb supported the album by touring with Depeche Mode.


== Critical reception ==
The Washington Post wrote that "with nothing more than synth (employed principally for percussion) and shout, the Ebbs construct grooves of surprising fluidity and even humanity." The St. Petersburg Times determined that "Nitzer Ebb's brooding, Teutonic lyrics are not appealing in arrangements more reminiscent of Cabaret than Cabaret Voltaire." The Calgary Herald concluded that "Brits Douglas McCarthy and Bon Harris do a little minimalist fiddling with synthesizers and do a lot of hollering about pop stars, the media and life's seamier side."


== Track listing ==
"Getting Closer"  – 4:12
"Nobody Knows"  – 4:06
"One Man's Burden"  – 3:50
"All Over"  – 3:33
"My Heart"  – 4:08
"Lightning Man"  – 4:59
"Rope"  – 3:25
"Hold On"  – 3:46
"Fun to Be Had"  – 4:42


== Notes ==
Melhania transvaalensis is a plant in the family Malvaceae, native to South Africa.


== Description ==
Melhania transvaalensis grows as a shrub 14–60 centimetres (6–24 in) tall, with several stems. The oblong leaves measure up to 9 cm (4 in) long and are coarsely pubescent on the upper side, tomentose on the under side. Inflorescences are typically single-flowered, on a stalk measuring up to 2.5 cm (1 in) long, featuring yellow petals.


== Distribution and habitat ==
Melhania transvaalensis is confined to South Africa's Northern Provinces. Its habitat is stony hills and grassy slopes.


== References ==
Märta Johanna Bucht (1882–1962) was a Swedish schoolteacher, suffragist and peace activist. From 1908, she chaired the Luleå branch of the Swedish Association for Women's Suffrage (FKPR). She was also active in the peace movement. In 1919, she was one of the 12 Swedes who attended the Zurich conference where the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom was established. Throughout her life, Bucht supported the temperance movement, becoming a member of the IOGT-NTO.


== Biography ==
Born on 23 October 1882 in Luleå, Märta Johanna Bucht was the daughter of the cartographer and town planner Gustaf Wilhelm Bucht (1849–1894) and his wife Rosina (Rosa) Maria née Högström (1853–1894). She was the fourth in a family of six children. After completing her schooling at a private school in Luleå, she worked for several years as a governess in Malmberget. Following her father's death in 1894, her former headmistress covered the cost of her training as a schoolteacher at the Privata Högre Lärarinneseminariet in Stockholm from 1901 to 1903.On receiving her teaching diploma, Bucht returned to Luleå where she became a substitute teacher at the girls' school until she was engaged by Statens normalskola för flickor in Stockholm. In 1907, she was appointed to a permanent post at the girls' school in Luleå where she taught Swedish, German, geography and singing. She was a particularly active member of the school's staff, participating in the school's associations, festivities and theatricals. She was appointed deputy mistress in 1933, a position she help until her retirement in 1948. Thereafter she continued to take on assignments as a substitute.Shortly after its establishment in 1907, Bucht was elected chair of the Luleå branch of the Swedish women's suffrage association, participating both locally and at the national level. Her interest in the movement is evident from the correspondence she maintained with Frigga Carlberg, an active member of the national association and chair of the Gothenburg branch.Thanks to a friendship she had established with the peace activist Matilda Widegren while studying, she joined the Swedish peace movement which developed as a result of the suffering in World War I. She was one of the 12 Swedish participants at the 1919 Women's Peace Conference in Zurich, Switzerland. An active member of the Swedish central board, she chaired the Luleå branch for 40 years. She was also active in the local branch of the temperence association.Måarta Bucht died in Luleå on 1 November 1962 and in buried in the city's Innerstad cemetery.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Märta Bucht at Svenskt kvinnobiografiskt lexikon
The Indian cricket team played one One Day International against Scotland between the conclusion of the Test Series and the beginning of the ODI series against England on August 16, 2007. In what was the first ODI between the two sides, India won the rain-affected match by seven wickets.


== Squad lists ==
Of the players named in the squads, Gordon Drummond (Scotland) and Sourav Ganguly, Zaheer Khan, Rohit Sharma and Sachin Tendulkar (India) did not take part in the match.


== One-off ODI ==


== References ==
The 2020 TK Sparta Prague Open was a women's tennis tournament played on Clay in Prague , Czech Republic, and was part of the 2020 WTA 125K series.
This was the first edition and was held from 29 August to 6 September 2020.
Kristína Kučová won the title, defeating Elisabetta Cocciaretto in the final, 6–4, 6–3.


== Seeds ==

Click on the seed number of a player to go to their draw section.


== Draw ==


=== Key ===


=== Finals ===


=== Top half ===


==== Section 1 ====


==== Section 2 ====


==== Section 3 ====


==== Section 4 ====


=== Bottom half ===


==== Section 5 ====


==== Section 6 ====


==== Section 7 ====


==== Section 8 ====


== References ==


== External links ==
Main Draw
Miniopterus zapfei is a fossil bat in the genus Miniopterus from the middle Miocene of France. First described in 2002, it is known only from the site of La Grive M, where it occurs with another fossil Miniopterus species, the smaller and more common Miniopterus fossilis. M. zapfei is known from five mandibles (lower jaws) and an isolated fourth upper premolar (P4). The fourth lower premolar is more slender than in M. fossilis and the cingulum shelf surrounding the P4 is less well-developed than in living Miniopterus. The length of the first lower molar is 1.57 to 1.60 mm.


== Taxonomy ==
Miniopterus zapfei was described by Pierre Mein and Léonard Ginsburg in a 2002 paper on the ages and faunas of the fossil sites of La Grive-Saint-Alban in southeastern France. Mein and Ginsburg wrote that it was the second fossil Miniopterus species to be described, after Miniopterus fossilis from Slovakia, but did not mention Miniopterus approximatus from the Pliocene of Poland or Miniopterus tao from the Pleistocene of China. Another fossil species, Miniopterus rummeli, was described from the Miocene of Germany in 2003. The specific name, zapfei, honors Helmuth Zapfe, who described M. fossilis. Miniopterus also includes about 20 living species of small, insectivorous bats distributed in southern Eurasia, Africa, and Australia. Although the genus was historically placed in the family Vespertilionidae, it is now classified in its own family, Miniopteridae.


== Description ==
The known material (hypodigm) of Miniopterus zapfei includes a mandible (lower jaw) with the fourth premolar (p4), first molar (m1), and second molar (m2); a mandible with m1; a mandible with m1 and m2; a mandible with m2 and the third molar (m3); a mandible without any teeth; and an isolated fourth upper premolar (P4). Some of the mandibles also preserve the alveoli (openings) for teeth that have not been preserved. The dimensions of the p4 (length and width) are 1.03 x 0.88 mm; m1 is 1.57 to 1.60 x 1.01 to 1.07 mm; m2 is 1.51 to 1.64 x 0.95 to 1.05 mm; the single m3 is 1.41 mm long; and the single P4 is 1.38 x 1.52 mm. In a well-preserved mandible, the length from the alveolus for the first incisor to the end of m3 is 8.80 mm and the depth of the mandible at m1 is 1.50 mm.Miniopterus zapfei can be identified as a Miniopterus on the basis of the possession of three lower premolars (designated p2, p3, and p4, because the original first premolar has been lost); a two-rooted p3; and the nyctalodont molars, with the posterolophid (a crest at the back of the molar) behind the entoconid cusp. M. zapfei is about 30% larger than M. fossilis and has a more slender p4. Compared to living Miniopterus, the cingulum (shelf) that surrounds the P4 is less well-developed and the parastyle crest is weaker.


== Range and ecology ==
Miniopterus zapfei is known only from the site La Grive M in the village of Saint-Alban-de-Roche, department of Isère, southeastern France. La Grive M is one of several fissure filling sites in the area, collectively known as La Grive-Saint-Alban, which have yielded rich fossil faunas. La Grive M is the reference locality for the MN zone MN 7/8, about 13 to 11 million years ago. La Grive M is one of the older sites of La Grive, and Mein and Ginsburg proposed taking it as the reference locality for a separate zone MN 7. M. zapfei is rare in La Grive M; Miniopterus fossilis is much more common in the same site, and has also been found in La Grive L7 and other European localities ranging from MN 6 to MN 13.


== References ==


== Literature cited ==
Mein, P. and Ginsburg, L. 2002. Sur l'âge relatif des différents karstiques miocènes de La Grive-Saint-Alban (Isère). Cahiers scientifiques, Muséum d'Histoire naturelle, Lyon 2:7–47.
Miller-Butterworth, C., Murphy, W., O'Brien, S., Jacobs, D., Springer, M. and Teeling, E. 2007. A family matter: Conclusive resolution of the taxonomic position of the long-fingered bats, Miniopterus. Molecular Biology and Evolution 24(7):1553–1561.
Steininger, F. 1999. Chronostratigraphy, geochronology and biochronology of the Miocene "European Land Mammal Mega-Zones (ELMMZ)" and the Miocene "Mammal Zones (MN-Zones)". Pp. 9–24 in Rössner, G.E. and Heissig, K. (eds.). The Miocene Land Mammals of Europe. Munich: Verlag Dr. Friedrich Pfeil, 515 pp.
Ziegler, R. 2003. Bats (Chiroptera, Mammalia) from Middle Miocene karstic fissure fillings of Petersbuch near Eichstätt, Southern Franconian Alb (Bavaria) (subscription required). Geobios 36(4):447–490.
Bredon's Norton or Norton-by-Bredon is a village and civil parish 11 miles (18 km) south east of Worcester, in the Wychavon district, in the county of Worcestershire, England. In 2021 the parish had a population of 254. The parish touches Eckington, Bredon, Strensham and Kemerton.


== Features ==
There are 21 listed buildings in Bredon's Norton. St Giles's Church was rebuilt in 1883.


== History ==
The name "Bredons Norton" means 'Bredon's north farm/settlement'. Bredons Norton was recorded in the Domesday Book as Nortune. Bredon's Norton was "Nortune" in the 11th century and "Northton" in the 13th century. In the early 12th century Bredons Norton Manor was held by the Bishop of Worcester. Bredons Norton became a civil parish in 1866.


== Notable residents ==
Antarctic explorer Raymond Priestley was born in nearby Tewkesbury and retired to Bredon's Norton. Pieces relating to his life are in Tewkesbury Borough Museum.
American women's rights activist Victoria Woodhull retired and died in Bredon's Norton.


== References ==


== External links ==
Village website
The North Norfolk Coast Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) is an area of European importance for wildlife in Norfolk, England. It comprises 7,700 ha (19,027 acres) of the county's north coast from just west of Holme-next-the-Sea to Kelling, and is additionally protected through Natura 2000, Special Protection Area (SPA) listings; it is also part of the Norfolk Coast Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB). The North Norfolk Coast is also designated as a wetland of international importance on the Ramsar list and most of it is a Biosphere Reserve.
Habitats within the SSSI include reed beds, salt marshes, freshwater lagoons and sand or shingle beaches. The wetlands are important for wildlife, including some scarce breeding birds such as pied avocets, western marsh harriers, Eurasian bitterns and bearded reedlings. The location also attracts migrating birds including vagrant rarities. Ducks and geese winter along this coast in considerable numbers, and several nature reserves provide suitable conditions for water voles, natterjack toads and several scarce plants and invertebrates.
The area is archaeologically significant, with artefacts dating back to the Upper Paleolithic. The mound of an Iron Age fort is visible at Holkham, and the site of a 23 ha (57 acres) Roman naval port with a fort built on the castrum pattern is just outside Brancaster. The site of the medieval "chapel" (probably a domestic dwelling) at Blakeney is no longer accessible. Remains of military use from both world wars include an armoured fighting vehicle gunnery range, a hospital and bombing ranges, as well as passive defences such as pillboxes, barbed wire and tank traps.
The SSSI is economically important to the area because of the tourists it attracts for birdwatching and other outdoor activities, although sensitive wildlife sites are managed to avoid damage from the large numbers of visitors. Another threat is the encroachment of the sea on this soft coast. The Environment Agency considers that managed retreat is likely to be the long-term solution, and is working with the Norfolk Wildlife Trust to create new reserves inland to compensate for the loss of scarce habitats at the coast.


== Description ==
The SSSI is a long, narrow strip of coast that starts at the eastern boundary of The Wash between Old Hunstanton and Holme-next-the-Sea, and runs east for about 43 km (27 mi) to Kelling. The southern boundary runs roughly west to east except where it detours around towns and villages, and never crosses the A149 coast road.The SSSI has a wide variety of habitats, with bare mud, sand and shingle characterising the intertidal zone along the whole of the coast, although higher areas may have algae or eelgrass that are grazed by ducks and geese in winter. The salt marshes which form on sheltered coasts, in the lee of islands, or behind spits are described in the SSSI notification document as "among the best in Europe" due to their exceptionally diverse flora. Sand dunes occur at several places along the coast, but the best examples are at Holme Dunes, Holkham, Blakeney Point, and Scolt Head Island. The latter two sites are also important for geomorphology research purposes as structures consisting mainly of shingle ridges. Reed beds are fairly localised, but substantial areas occur at Titchwell Marsh, Brancaster and Cley Marshes. Grassland is represented by grazing pasture reclaimed from former salt marsh, with wetter areas at Cley and Salthouse marshes. Woodland is limited in the SSSI, although a belt of Corsican pine planted at Holkham has provided shelter for other trees and shrubs to become established.


== History ==


=== To 1000 AD ===
Norfolk has a long history of human occupation dating back to the Palaeolithic, and including significant archaeology. Both modern and Neanderthal people were present in the area between 100,000 and 10,000 years ago, before the last glaciation, and humans returned as the ice retreated northwards. The archaeological record is poor until about 20,000 years ago, partly because of the then prevailing very cold conditions, but also because the coastline was much further north than at present. As the ice retreated during the Mesolithic (10,000–5,000 BCE), the sea level rose, filling what is now the North Sea. This brought the Norfolk coastline much closer to its present line, so that many ancient sites are under the sea. Early Mesolithic flint tools with characteristic long blades up to 15 cm (5.9 in) long found on the present-day coast at Titchwell date from a time when it was 60–70 km (37–43 mi) from the sea. Other flint tools have been found dating from the Upper Paleolithic (50,000–10,000 BCE) to the Neolithic (5,000–2,500 BCE).By 11,000 BC, the makers of the long blades had gone. Two timber platforms have been identified within the peat at Titchwell, and may possibly be rare Bronze Age (2,500–800 BCE) survivals. Seahenge is another early Bronze Age site found on the coast at Holme in 1998. It consists of a ring of 55 oak posts and was built in 2049 BC; a similar nearby structure, Holme II, may be almost two centuries older. A large Iron Age fort at Holkham enclosed 2.5 ha (6.1 acres) at the end of a sandy spit in what was then salt marsh, and remained in use until the defeat of the Iceni in 47 AD.Roman period settlements have been discovered all along the Norfolk Coast, notably the complex at Branodunum, which covered at least 23 ha (57 acres) near Brancaster. This site included a fort built on the castrum pattern enclosing 2.6 ha (6.3 acres) within its walls, 2.9 m (10 ft) wide. The fort had internal turrets at the corners and was backed by an earth rampart. Early Saxon sites are scarce close to the Norfolk coast, but a gold bracteate found near Blakeney Chapel was a rare and significant 6th-century find, and there is a somewhat later Saxon cemetery at Thornham. The Danelaw left few tangible traces within the SSSI, but place names such as Holkham ("ship town") reflect the Viking influence. Saxon building foundations were described as the ruins of "Cley Chapel" on a 1797 map, although it is more likely that they belonged to a barn.


=== Medieval to nineteenth century ===
An "eye" is an area of higher ground in the marshes, dry enough to support buildings. Cley Eye had been farmed since the earliest human habitation, and was 28 ha (70 acres) in extent in 1651, but is much reduced by coastal erosion. The Eye and its Saxon barn were accessed by an ancient causeway, passable at low tide. A 1588 map showed "Black Joy Forte" in the same area, which may have been intended as a defence against the Spanish Armada, but was never completed. On the other side of the Glaven, Blakeney Eye had a ditched enclosure during the 11th and 12th centuries, and a building known as "Blakeney Chapel", which was occupied from the 14th century to around 1600, and again in the late 17th century. Despite its name, it is unlikely that it had a religious function. Nearly a third of the mostly 14th-to-16th-century pottery found within the larger and earlier of the two rooms was imported from the continent, reflecting the Glaven ports' importance in international trade at this time.The sheltered waters of Blakeney Haven had brought prosperity to the internationally important Glaven ports of Cley, Wiveton and Blakeney. Blakeney gained its market charter in 1222, and the three ports, along with Salthouse, were jointly required to provide three ships for Edward II in 1322, having previously contributed to his father's navy in 1301. By the early 15th century, Blakeney was one of the few ports permitted to trade in horses, gold and silver, through "merchants sworn by oath to the king", which contributed to the town's growing wealth. In 1640, land reclamation schemes, especially those by Henry Calthorpe just to the west of Cley, led to the silting up of the shipping channel and relocation of the wharf, and further reclamation east of the Glaven meant that all the Glaven ports declined; Cley and Wiveton silted up in the 17th century, but Blakeney had packet ships until 1840. Similar marsh reclamation schemes took place elsewhere, often with the same consequence for the local harbours, as for example at Holkham. Only Wells-next-the-Sea had significant trade into the late 20th century.


=== Twentieth century coastal defences ===
Artillery may have been installed at Gun Hill on the coast near Burnham Overy during the Napoleonic wars, but there were no modern fortifications in north Norfolk at the start of World War I. Following the German naval attack on Great Yarmouth in November 1914, defences such as trenches, concrete pillboxes and gun batteries were constructed along much of the Norfolk coast. The main bases were outside the SSSI boundaries, but Thornham Marsh was used between 1914 and 1918 by the Royal Flying Corps as a bombing range. A World War I concrete building on Titchwell's west bank was let as holiday accommodation until the British Army returned in 1942; some brickwork on Titchwell Marsh is all that remains of a military hospital dating from that period.There were no new fortifications along this coast at the start of World War II. After the fall of France in 1940, the threat of invasion led to the creation of new defences. In addition to the installation of anti-tank and other passive obstacles, fourteen coastal batteries, each of two guns, were constructed. Some of these emplacements and other military bases fell within the SSSI area. Four spigot mortar base plates found at Holme dunes may not have originated at that site, since there is no record of such armament there. The marsh at Titchwell was reflooded, and pillboxes built into the beach bank. Between 1942 and 1945, the marsh was used by the Royal Tank Regiment; an armoured fighting vehicle gunnery range was established and banks were constructed for firing practice, with targets set at 900 m (980 yd) intervals. Some of the still extant islands were built to hold "pop-up" targets, operated by cables from winches in a building whose foundations now lie below a bird hide. Remains of the triangular concrete track used by the tanks also survive. Military activities continued in the area after the war, and the Royal Air Force returned to Thornham Marsh between 1950 and 1959. Bombing practice was supervised from a control tower, which was demolished in 1962, leaving only a concrete structure opposite the end of Titchwell's west bank. The remains of two World War II Covenanter tanks, probably used as targets, are sometimes exposed at low tide. The SS Vina, an 1894 cargo steamer, was anchored offshore in 1944 for use as an RAF target, but a gale dragged her to the sands off Titchwell, where the wreck can still be seen at low tide.Brancaster beach had a base including three pillboxes, Nissen huts and two gun emplacements, and another possible base, comprising about fifty different structures, was located in a salt marsh north-east of Burnham Overy Staithe. A wreck at the west end of Scolt Head Island was used as a bombing target, and the remains of a Blenheim bomber were found at the north of the island in 2004.Royal Artillery military fortifications were established at Cley beach, including two 6-inch (15.24 cm) guns, five buildings, two pillboxes, a minefield, and concrete anti-tank blocks. A spigot mortar emplacement and an Allan Williams Turret machine gun emplacement were sited closer to the village. One of the pillboxes and remains of the beach gun emplacements were still surviving as of 2012. The military camp accommodated 160 men and was later used to hold prisoners of war. Near the end of the war, the camp was used to house East European refugees, and was finally pulled down in 1948. Many of the wartime buildings were destroyed by the Royal Engineers in 1955, but the generator house was taken over by the coastguard service as an observation post. It was acquired by the NWT in 1983, and the upper part was used as a look-out, while the larger lower section became a beach café. The building was overwhelmed by shingle in a storm in 2008, and subsequently demolished.


=== Conservation ===
The first step towards the protection of this coast by a national conservation body was the purchase of Blakeney Point from the Calthorpe family by banker Charles Rothschild in 1912. Rothschild gave the property to the National Trust in 1912, which has managed it since. In 1926, another early protected area was created when Norfolk birdwatcher Dr Sydney Long bought the land which makes up the Cley Marshes reserve for the sum of £5,100, to be held "in perpetuity as a bird breeding sanctuary". Long then went on to establish the Norfolk Wildlife Trust (NWT).The current SSSI was created in 1986 from pre-existing SSSIs at Blakeney Point, Holme Dunes, Cley, and Salthouse Marshes (all designated in 1954), Morston Saltmarshes and Brancaster Manor (1968), Stiffkey Saltmarshes (1969), Thornham Marshes (1972) and Titchwell Marshes (1973), together with the national nature reserves (NNRs) at Scolt Head Island (1967) and Holkham (1968), and substantial formerly undesignated areas.Although much of the SSSI is in private hands, considerable areas are managed by large conservation organisations. As well as the two NNRs, there is an RSPB reserve at Titchwell Marsh, and Norfolk Wildlife Trust reserves are at Cley and Salthouse Marshes. The NWT also manages the Holme Dunes NNR. In addition to Blakeney Point, the National Trust owns land at Brancaster Staithe.The SSSI covers 7,700 ha (19,027 acres) and is additionally protected through Natura 2000, Special Protection Area (SPA) and Ramsar listings, and is part of the Norfolk Coast Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB). Scolt Head Island and the coast from the Holkham NNR to Salthouse are a Biosphere Reserve.


== Fauna and flora ==


=== Birds ===
The SSSI is designated as a Special Protection Area for birds for its variety of coastal habitats. The large breeding colonies of Sandwich terns and little terns, especially those at Blakeney Point and Scolt Head Island, are of "European importance" as defined in the Birds Directive, and the coast as a whole meets Natural England's criteria for nationally important populations of common terns, pied avocets and reedbed specialists like western marsh harriers, Eurasian bitterns and bearded reedlings. Other birds nesting in the wetlands include the northern lapwing, common redshank, and sedge, reed and Cetti's warblers. Ringed plovers and Eurasian oystercatchers lay their eggs on bare sand in the dunes. Little egrets, Eurasian spoonbills, ruffs and black-tailed godwits are present for much of the year, and the egret and spoonbill have both started nesting within the SSSI.In spring and early summer, migrant birds including the little gull, black tern, Temminck's stint and garganey may pass through on their way to breed elsewhere. In the autumn, birds arrive from the north; some, such as whimbrels, curlew sandpipers and little stints, just pausing for a few days to refuel before continuing south, others staying for the winter. Offshore, great and Arctic skuas, northern gannets and black-legged kittiwakes may pass close by in favourable winds. Large numbers of ducks winter along the coast, including many Eurasian wigeons, Eurasian teals, mallards and gadwalls, goldeneyes and northern pintails. Red-throated divers are usually on the sea, and brent geese feed on sea lettuce and other green algae. Barn owls and sometimes hen harriers quarter the marshes in winter, and snow bunting flocks can be found on the beaches. Thousands of geese, mainly pink-footed, roost at Holkham.The SSSI's north-facing east coast location can be favourable for huge numbers of migrating birds when the weather conditions are right. These may include vagrant rarities. A black-winged stilt, which acquired the nickname "Sammy", arrived at Titchwell in 1993 and became a permanent resident up to its disappearance in 2005. Other major rarities included a western sandpiper at Cley in 2012, a rufous-tailed robin at Warham Greens in 2011, and a black-winged pratincole at Titchwell in 2009.


=== Other animals ===
Water voles are a highly threatened species in the UK, with a 70–90% decline in numbers mainly due to predation by the introduced American mink, but also habitat loss and water pollution. East Anglian sites of national importance for this species include Cley, Titchwell and other Norfolk coastal sites. Brown hares are widespread, and European otters may be seen at several locations. Both common and grey seals can be seen at the Blakeney Point colony and off the beaches. The common frog, common toad and common lizard all occur in suitable habitats, and the rare natterjack toad breeds at Holkham and Holme.The green hairstreak, purple hairstreak, hummingbird hawk-moth and ghost moth are sometimes seen, particularly in the woods at Holkham, along with the common butterfly and moth species. In some years the clouded yellow, Camberwell beauty, painted lady or diamondback moth may be seen, and the silver Y can sometimes occur in huge numbers. The dune tiger beetle is a nationally rare denizen of moist sand dunes.The lagoons behind the shingle beach at Salthouse and Cley are salty due to the percolation of seawater through the bank. These saline lagoons may cover mud, firm sand or submerged vegetation, and hold some rare and threatened invertebrates including the starlet sea anemone, lagoon sand shrimp, Atlantic ditch shrimp, and lagoon cockle. These marshes are the only reliable UK site for the water beetle yellow pogonus, and even here it is localised and hard to find.


=== Plants ===
On exposed parts of the coast, the muds and sands are scoured by the tides, and have no vegetation except possibly algae or eelgrass. Where the shoreline is more protected, internationally important salt marshes can form, with several uncommon species. The salt marshes contains glassworts and common cord grass in the most exposed regions, with a succession of plants following on as the marsh becomes more established: first sea aster, then mainly sea lavender, with sea purslane in the creeks and smaller areas of sea plantain and other common marsh plants. The uncommon spiral tasselweed and long-bracted sedge are other lower salt marsh specialists. Scrubby sea-blite and matted sea lavender are characteristic plants of the drier upper salt marsh, although they are uncommon in the UK away from this coast. They may occur alongside scarce species including lesser centaury, curved hard-grass and sea pearlwort, with soft hornwort in the dykes.Grasses such as sea couch grass and sea poa grass are important in the driest areas of the marshes, and on the coastal dunes, where marram grass, sand couch-grass, lyme-grass and red fescue help to bind the sand. Sea holly and sand sedge are other specialists of this arid habitat, and petalwort is a nationally rare bryophyte found on damper dunes. Bird's-foot trefoil, pyramidal orchid, bee orchid and carline thistle flower on the dunes, and Holkham's Corsican pines shelter creeping lady's tresses and yellow bird's nest orchids. The shingle ridges on Scolt Head Island and from Blakeney Point east to Salthouse attract biting stonecrop, sea campion, yellow horned poppy, sea thrift and sea beet. Sea barley is a scarcer species of this habitat.The reedbeds, the largest of which are at the Cley, Salthouse and Titchwell reserves, are dominated by common reed, and salt marsh rush, brackish water crowfoot, sea clubrush and common bulrush also occur in the various wetland habitats. The coastal pastures at Cley and Salthouse Marshes have jointleaf rush, common silverweed, and less common grasses such as annual beard grass, marsh foxtail, and slender hare's-ear. The flat land just inland from the dunes at Holkham was reclaimed from the marshes by the nineteenth century and was initially used for grazing. It was made arable during World War II, but the water levels have been raised to make the fields attractive to breeding and wintering birds. The pastures are of international importance for the tens of thousands of geese and ducks that feed there in the winter months.


== Access and facilities ==
Scolt Head Island is accessed by a ferry from Burnham Overy Staithe which runs between April and September. Blakeney Point can also be reached by boats from Morston quay, either to see the seal colonies or to avoid the long walk up the shingle spit from Cley Beach. The National Trust has an information centre and tea room at the quay, and a visitor centre on the Point, formerly a lifeboat station, is open in the summer months.The rest of the SSSI is close to the A149 coast road, and can be accessed at many points by footpaths or roads. The main nature-orientated facilities are on the major reserves. Holme Dunes NNR is accessed from Holme-next-the-Sea. It has a visitor centre, three bird hides, one of which has disabled access, and a 4 km (2.5 mi) nature trail. The other reserves are all adjacent to the A149. Titchwell Marsh RSPB is just west of Titchwell village and has a visitor centre, café and hides. Most of the reserve and its facilities are wheelchair accessible, but the last part of the footpath to the beach is rough, and crosses a steep bank. The two bird hides at Holkham NNR can be reached from the end of Lady Anne's Drive in Holkham village; there is also a car park further east on Beach Road, Wells-next-the-Sea. Cley Marshes visitor centre and car park are to the south of the A149, opposite the main reserve. The centre and four of the five bird hides are accessible to people with limited mobility.Their proximity to the main coast road means that the reserves can be accessed by bus as well as car. The Peddars Way National Trail runs the length of the SSSI, and only short sections of this part of the long distance footpath venture south of the SSSI boundary.


== Recreation ==
A 2005 survey at six North Norfolk coastal sites (Snettisham, Titchwell, Holkham, Morston Quay, Blakeney and Cley) found that 39 per cent of visitors gave birdwatching as the main purpose of their visit. The 7.7 million day visitors and 5.5 million who made overnight stays in the area in 1999 are estimated to have spent £122 million, and created the equivalent of 2,325 full-time jobs. Titchwell Marsh RSPB, Cley Marshes NWT and Holkham NNR each attract 100,000 or more visitors annually.The small village of Titchwell shows the effect that wildlife visitors can have locally. It adjoins the RSPB's busiest reserve, Titchwell Marsh, and a 2002 survey reported that an estimated 137,700 visitors spent £1.8 million in the area in 1998. The village has two three-star hotels and a shop selling telescopes and binoculars, although it does not have a general store or a public house.The large number of visitors sometimes has negative effects. Wildlife may be disturbed, a frequent difficulty for species that breed in exposed areas such as ringed plovers, little terns and common seals, but also wintering geese. Plants can be trampled, which is a particular problem in sensitive habitats such as sand dunes and vegetated shingle. Damage is reduced by measures such as wardening breeding colonies, using fences, boardwalks and signs to control access, and appropriate positioning of car parks. The Norfolk Coast Partnership, a grouping of conservation and environmental bodies, divide the coast into zones for tourism development purposes. Holme dunes, Holkham dunes and Blakeney Point, sensitive habitats suffering from visitor pressure, were designated as red-zone areas with no development or parking improvements to be recommended. "Orange" locations had fragile habitats, but were under less tourism pressure, or, as with the large nature reserves, were equipped to cope with many visitors. The most robust sites, mainly outside the SSSI, were placed in the green zone.


== Threats ==
The underlying geology of the North Norfolk coast is Cretaceous chalk, exposed at Hunstanton cliffs just to the west of the SSSI, but for the entire length of the SSSI coast, the chalk is buried by soft Quaternary glacial debris. Unlike the rapidly eroding soft cliffs further east, the coast of the SSSI has shown a less consistent pattern, with a net accretion of beach material between 1880 and 1950. This coastline is threatened by climate change, with sea level rising an estimated at 1–2 mm per year for the last 100 years, increasing the risk of flooding and coastal erosion.
One of the most vulnerable stretches is that between Blakeney Point and Weybourne, which included the Cley and Salthouse Marsh reserves. The coast here is protected by a shingle ridge, but the sea attacks the ridge and spit through tidal and storm action, with a single storm sometimes moving a "spectacular" amount of shingle. The Blakeney Point spit has sometimes been breached, becoming an island for a time, and this may happen again. The northernmost part of nearby Blakeney was lost to the sea in the early Middle Ages, probably due to a storm. The spit is moving towards the mainland at about 1 m (1 yd) per year, and for the last two hundred years maps have been accurate enough for the encroachment of the sea to be quantified. Blakeney Chapel was 400 m (440 yd) from the sea in 1817, but this had reduced to 195 m (215 yd) by the end of the 20th century. The landward movement of the shingle means that the channel of the River Glaven becomes blocked increasingly often, leading to flooding of the reserve and Cley village. The Environment Agency considered several remedial options to protect these vulnerable areas, and a new route for the river to the south of its original line was completed in 2007 at a cost of about £1.5 million.The Environment Agency's long-term policy is to hold the line only to protect communities and infrastructure, with managed retreat as the solution to rising sea levels elsewhere, even at sites like Cley where the financial benefits from the recreational value of the reserve outweigh the cost of maintaining the sea defences. A scheme to allow tidal flooding of part of the reserve has already been implemented at Titchwell Marsh.Another strategy is to create new reserves inland. To compensate for the inevitable loss of the important reedbeds at Cley, the Environment Agency and the Norfolk Wildlife Trust have been working since 2010 to make a new wetland near Hilgay. The 60-hectare (150-acre) Hilgay Wetland Creation Project is converting former farmland into a variety of wetland habitats by using banks, ditches and a lake to manage water levels. The Trust sees this as the first stage of a long-term plan to create a roughly 10,000-hectare (25,000-acre) Wissey Living Landscape.


== References ==


== Cited texts ==
Allen, J R L; Pye, K (1992). Saltmarshes; morphodynamics, conservation and engineering significance. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-41841-6.
Birks, Chris (2003). Report on an archaeological evaluation at Blakeney Freshes, Cley next the Sea: report No. 808 (PDF). Norwich: Norfolk Archaeological Unit.
Bishop, Billy (1983). Cley Marsh and its birds. Woodbridge, Suffolk: Boydell Press. ISBN 0-85115-180-9.
Brooks, Peter (2011). Cley. Cromer, Norfolk: Poppyland Books. ISBN 978-0-946148-92-9.
Dorling Kindersley (2009). RSPB Where to go wild in Britain. London: Dorling Kindersley. ISBN 978-1-4053-3512-6.
East Anglia Coastal Group (2010). North Norfolk shoreline management plan. Peterborough: Environment Agency.
Elkins, Norman (1988). Weather and bird behaviour. Waterhouses, Staffordshire: Poyser. ISBN 0-85661-051-8.
Fields, Nic (2006). Rome's Saxon Shore - coastal defences of Roman Britain AD 250-500 (Fortress 56). Oxford: Osprey Publishing. ISBN 978-1-84603-094-9.
Gorski, Richard, ed. (2011). Roles of the sea in medieval England. Woodbridge, Suffolk: Boydell Press. ISBN 978-1-84383-701-5.
Gray, J M (2004). Geodiversity: valuing and conserving abiotic nature. Edinburgh: Wiley-Blackwell. ISBN 0-470-84896-0.
Hammomd, Nicholas, ed. (1984). RSPB nature reserves. Sandy, Beds: RSPB. ISBN 0-903138-12-3.
Harrup, Simon; Redman, Nigel (2010). Where to watch birds in Britain. London: Christopher Helm. ISBN 978-1-4081-1059-1.
Johnston, David E, ed. (1977). Research report No 18: The Saxon Shore. London: Council for British Archaeology. ISBN 0-900312-43-2.
Labrum, E A (1993). Civil engineering heritage: Eastern and Central England (Civil Engineering Heritage Series). London: Thomas Telford. ISBN 0-7277-1970-X.
Liley, D (2008). Development and the north Norfolk coast. Scoping document on the issues relating to access (PDF). Wareham, Dorset: Footprint Ecology. Archived from the original (PDF) on 6 April 2012.
May, V J, ed. (2003). Geological Conservation Review: volume 28: Coastal geomorphology of Great Britain. Peterborough: Joint Nature Conservation Committee. ISBN 1-86107-484-0.
Muir, Richard (2008). The lost villages of Britain. Stroud, Gloucestershire: The History Press Ltd. ISBN 978-0-7509-5039-8.
Murphy, Peter (2009). The English coast: a history and a prospect. London: Continuum International Publishing. ISBN 978-1-84725-143-5.
Natural England (2009). Holkham National Nature Reserve. Sheffield: Natural England. ISBN 978-1-84754-133-8. (automatic download).
Net Gain (2011). Submission to Natural England & JNCC: Section 7.20 (Site Assessment Document) rRA 2a & rRA 2b, Seahorse Lagoon & Arnold's Marsh (PDF). Net Gain (The North Sea Marine Conservation Zones Project). Archived from the original (PDF) on 2 May 2012. Retrieved 9 February 2019.
Newton, Ian (2010). Bird migration: Collins New Naturalist Library (113). London: Collins. ISBN 978-0-00-730732-6.
Norfolk Wildlife Trust (2005). NWT Cley and Salthouse Marshes Management Plan April 2005–March 2010. Norwich: Norfolk Wildlife Trust.
Norfolk Wildlife Trust (2011). Norfolk Wildlife Trust Annual Report 2010/2011 (PDF). Norwich: Norfolk Wildlife Trust.
Pevsner, Nikolaus; Wilson, Bill (2002). The Buildings Of England Norfolk I: Norwich and North-East Norfolk. New Haven and London: Yale University Press. ISBN 0-300-09607-0.
Robertson, David; Crawley, Peter; Barker, Adam; Whitmore, Sandrine (2005). Norfolk Archaeological Unit Report No. 1045: Norfolk Rapid Coastal Zone Archaeological Survey (PDF). Norwich: Norfolk Archaeological Unit.
Robinson, Bruce (1986). The Peddars Way and Norfolk Coast Path: Issue 13 of Long distance route guide. London: Her Majesty's Stationery Office. ISBN 0-11-701191-6.
Robinson, Geoffey H (c. 2006). St Nicholas, Blakeney. Norwich: Geoffrey H Robinson.
Rowley, Trevor (2006). The English Landscape in the Twentieth Century. London: Hambledon Continuum. ISBN 1-85285-388-3.
Scott Wilson Ltd (2006). Tourism benefit & impacts analysis in the Norfolk coast Area of Outstanding Natu-ral Beauty (PDF). Norwich: Norfolk Coast Partnership. Archived from the original (PDF) on 7 February 2016.
Shiel, Anna; Rayment, Matthew; Burton, Graham (2002). RSPB Reserves and Local Economies (PDF). Sandy, Beds: RSPB.
Taylor, Marianne (2009). RSPB where to discover nature in Britain and Northern Ireland. London: Christopher Helm. ISBN 978-1-4081-0864-2.
Turner, R K; Bateman, I J; Adger W N (2001). Economics of coastal and water resources: valuing environmental functions (Studies in ecological economics). London: Springer. ISBN 0-7923-6504-6.


== External links ==
Charles W. Pruitt (May 28, 1930 – August 5, 1985) was an American politician and Tennessee State Representative from Nashville, representing the 58th district from 1970 until 1985.
Pruitt was born and raised in Huntsville, Alabama and moved to Nashville, Tennessee in 1949. He married Mary Johnson in 1960 and had three children. Pruitt was employed by the Western Electric Company. Pruitt died of a heart attack in 1985, while still in office. His vacant seat was first filled by Charles J. Walker, appointed by the Metro Council, then by his widow Mary after a special election held October 15, 1985.


== References ==
Preston Love Jr. is an American politician, professor, author and activist who served as Jesse Jackson's campaign manager during the 1984 Democratic primaries.
Love is the first Black person in Nebraska to receive the support of a major political party for United States Senate. He was endorsed by the Nebraska Democratic Party for the 2020 United States Senate election in Nebraska to challenge incumbent Senator Ben Sasse.


== Early life and education ==
Preston Love Jr. was born in the early 1940s to Betty and Preston Love. He graduated from Omaha Technical High School, where he was a member of the football team, in 1960. The musician Laura Love is his younger half-sister.
Love graduated from the University of Nebraska–Lincoln with a Bachelor of Science degree in economics and Bellevue University with a Master of Professional Studies degree. He played for Nebraska Cornhuskers football and was drafted into the Detroit Lions. Love played one season with the 1965 Lincoln Comets of the Pro Football League of America. Love worked as a junior executive in IBM and established the first retail computer store in Atlanta, Georgia.Love was inducted into the Nebraska High School Sports Hall of Fame.


== Career ==
Love is the founder and CEO of a nonprofit organization in Omaha called the Institute for Urban Development. In 2021, Love launched an effort to promote the history of African Americans in Omaha focused on facilitating tours in North Omaha.Love worked as an adjunct professor at the University of Nebraska Omaha. He is a columnist for the Omaha World-Herald and a contributor to the Fine Lines Journal.


=== Politics ===
Love served as vice-president of the NAACP chapter in Omaha, Nebraska. He worked for Harold Washington during Chicago's 1983 mayoral election. During the 1984 Democratic primaries Love was selected by Jesse Jackson to serve as Jackson's presidential campaign manager. Love worked as Andrew Young's chauffeur before his election as mayor and Young appointed Love as commissioner of planning for Atlanta.In 1990, Love formed an organization to recommend the addition of the contributions of black Nebraskans to the Nebraska Blue Book. In 1992, Love ran for a seat on the Metropolitan Utilities District board, but later withdrew to recover from his addictions. Love later became second associate chair in the Nebraska Democratic Party. Love supported freeing Edward Poindexter, who he knew as a child, from his life-sentence.Chris Janicek won the Democratic senatorial nomination for the 2020 United States Senate election in Nebraska. However, during the campaign, he sent out sexually inappropriate text messages to staffers, causing the Nebraska Democratic Party to withdraw its support from him. The Nebraska Democratic Party attempted to replace Janicek with Alisha Shelton, but Janicek refused to drop out preventing the replacement. Love later announced his intention to run a write-in senatorial campaign and received the support of the Nebraska Democratic Party, making him the first black person to receive the support of a major party for United States Senate in Nebraska.Love is running to represent the Democratic Party in the 2024 United States Senate special election in Nebraska.


== Awards and recognition ==
Love has been recognized for numerous accomplishments in Nebraska. His awards include:

(2023) Inductee, Nebraska High School Sports Hall of Fame.
(2022) Inductee, Northeast Community College Alumni Hall of Fame
(2022) Namesake, Nebraska Democratic Party Annual Preston Love, Jr. Volunteer Award
(2021) Frank LaMere Hall of Fame Award, Nebraska Democratic Party


== Bibliography ==
Wisdom's Foresight: From Cataracts to Pandemic Vaccines (2021) ISBN 978-1734587968
Your Bridge to History with Portia Love, illustrations by Regina Jeanpierre (2019) ISBN 978-0996446495
A Clear Vision: From Cataracts to Pandemic Vaccines (2020) ISBN 978-1734587944
The Jackson Papers: Post 1965 Voting Rights Act, Pre-Obama Era: The Jesse Jackson Run for President (2018) ISBN 978-0996446488
Economic Cataracts Volume 1. (2015) ISBN 978-0996446419


== References ==


== External links ==
Campaign website Archived September 17, 2020, at the Wayback Machine
Amanda Havard (born June 10, 1986) is an American writer of young adult fiction, songwriter, Creative Director of the Immersedition transmedia studio, the creators of the Immersedition interactive book apps. Havard is most recognized for the paranormal romance series, The Survivors, a five book series featuring history, mythology, and paranormal beings like witches, vampires, and shapeshifters.


== Early life ==
Amanda Havard was born in Shreveport, Louisiana to L.C. and Anneal Havard. She grew up in Dallas, TX and attended the Parish Episcopal School and the Hockaday School for girls. Upon graduation, Havard attended Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee where she received her bachelor's and master's degrees in early childhood development from Peabody College of Education and Human Development. Havard now lives in Nashville, Tennessee.


== The Survivors series ==


=== The Survivors ===
The Survivors was published on March 28, 2011 by independent publisher Chafie Press. The Survivors is also the pilot version of the Immersedition book app. The Immersedition version includes original music (written by Havard), maps, photos, music videos, historical and mythological background information, author commentary, and other relevant additions to the story world. The Survivors was also released in syndication on Wattpad throughout 2011 and has received over 5 million reads.The Survivors was a recipient of Independent Publisher's 2011 Editor's Choice Award, the 2011 Moonbeam Children's Book Award bronze medal for Young Adult Horror/Mystery, US Review of Books’ Eric Hoffer Lit Award 1st Runner-Up (YA), and eLit Awards' bronze medal in Young Adult and bronze medal in Fantasy/Sci-Fi.


=== Point of Origin ===
Point of Origin is the second book in The Survivors series and was published in 2012. It was awarded the Review Direct Title of Special Note.


=== Body & Blood ===
Body & Blood is the third book in The Survivors series.


== Creative director ==
In 2011, Havard was named Creative Director of Immersedition, an interactive book app.


=== Fiction ===
Havard's own work, The Survivors, was released on Immersedition. Havard has spoken on several media and transmedia panels across the country on the future of storytelling via multiple platforms and especially interactive books, including Digital Hollywood, Mediabistro's Pub App Expo, UtopYACon, and the New York Film Festival (2012). In April 2012, Wired (magazine) featured Havard and Immersedition™ among the independent publishers "leading the way" in the development of interactive books.


=== Education ===
Havard has worked on an educational Immersedition project using William Shakespeare's Romeo & Juliet, intended for classroom usage in schools.


== Songwriting ==
Havard has written and co-written songs that have been performed and produced to accompany The Survivors series. Havard used songwriting as a tool in the writing process to help articulate key scenes.


=== "Pretty Girl" ===
The first song written by Havard and Deanna Walker (songwriter and songwriting professor at Vanderbilt University) was "Pretty Girl" performed by The Voice Season 2 finalist, Chris Mann. "Pretty Girl" was released in April 2011 and was written from the perspective of the male lead, Everett Winter.


=== "Breaking" ===
The second single written for the series was co-written by Havard and Walker and titled "Breaking". "Breaking" was recorded by Jess Moskaluke. "Breaking" debuted on August 3, 2011 and has over 300,000 views on YouTube.


=== "Who You Are" ===
The third single written for The Survivors was co-written by Havard, Walker, Rick Beresford (BMI Award winner), and Tiffany Vartanyan. "Who You Are" is a duet performed by The Voice Season 1 contestant Patrick Thomas and Jenny Gill (daughter of Vince Gill). "Who You Are" was released on November 12, 2011.


=== "Play Nice" ===
The fourth single, recorded for Point of Origin, was written by Havard, Walker, and Beresford and is performed by singer/songwriter Elle Maze. "Play Nice" was released on November 12, 2012.


== References ==


== External links ==
thesurvivorsseries.com
Amanda Havard at the Internet Speculative Fiction Database
Parectopa bosquella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from the US state of Texas. It was described by Vactor Tousey Chambers in 1876.


== References ==
